and ultimately
ME: I drove you to Twindy's house so you could sleep over?
Don Gullet seems scared. Perhaps he knew he'd one day end up on the Yankees.
One of my 18 year old twin boys saved up all his spare money for six months in order to be able to buy tickets for Download Festival. I was shocked to hear the ticket cost £200 and that excludes his transport and refreshments.
one front-ended and one back-ended.
Realizing you can’t always be alone.
Raw Rice, 1 tablespoon
So how does one learn about it when not in school?
1/3 c. extra virgin olive oil
“This is a parody of law. The frequency and manner in which the Police has filed cases against peaceful protestors clearly exposes that the police’s intent never was to uphold the rule of law, but to crush any dissenting voices,” said Sam Rajappa, a senior journalist who led a fact-finding team to Koodankulam in March. The national media has gone to town, and rightly so, over Mamata Banerjee‘s heavy-handedness against dissenters. But, its stony silence on Jayalalithaa’s campaign against people who speak out against nuclear power is curious.
I am a country boy, bought up the back of nowhere in New Zealand. You will know this if you have read the life story bit of my blog, I shall assume you haven’t though and this post is about my take on country pursuits. It may be a little polarising as I have a very eclectic range of friends and acquaintances. Also some people come here who don’t know me at all and for some reason choose to read what I write. I apologise in advance if you discover I have views different to your own and you find mine objectionable. When I say I apologise, that’s not really what I mean.
$20.00/1st class; $10 ea./next 3 classes. Seniors (60+ years) $12.00/1st class, $6 ea./next 3 classes.
I can't even tell you where I got the Physcian's Formula Eye Booster 2-in-1 Lash Boosting Eyeliner and Serum Liquid Liner. (Ok, that's a mouthful) It might have been sent to me by a PR rep or perhaps it was in a goody bag from an event, but either way it sat in amongst my 'items I'll use eventually pile' for a long time. I already had a liquid liner that I loved and didn't believe the claim on the packaging that it would help my lashes grow. About 5 months ago my other liner ran out and I've been consciously trying to use what I already own instead of buying the newest product. Out came this baby, and thanks to my new love of the winged eyeliner I've been using it pretty much every day since. Recently I've been noticing that my lashes were super long, I thought at first it was the new mascara I was using, but then I noticed that it didn't matter which mascara I used, my lashes were definitely longer! Not going to lie, it took me a bit to remember that the liner I was using claimed to do just that.
In the third quarter of the moon we are in a completion and review phase, or following up on and refining the resources we gathered during the crescent moon. Re-evaluation takes place during this time to determine what is needed as a next step to move forward with the goal.
Dear people of The Next Web, congratulations on a job very well done and see you next week.
It was hard to remove the mold lines, and I didn't manage to remove them all. When they made this figure the molds didn't fit right in my opinion. I started to paint him with a white undercoat, and then a layer of GW Gryphonne Sepia wash. This I always do when I have to paint some parts white. I do that with a drybrush, so the deeper parts have some shade. You can also do that with a grey wash, like I did on the horse. Further colors I used are red, blue, black antracite, tar black and gold (and some others, I think :-D).
Next morning, strain the custard through a sieve and add the rum (about 6 tablespoons*) to the ice cream base while reserving the raisins to be added later at the end of the churning process.
3. When the cupcakes have cooled, used a small serrated knife to cut off the tops of the cupcakes, using the cupcake liner as a guide. Keep tops matched with their cupcakes.
Davies' last venture was The Sarah Jane Adventures, which ended last year. Another Davies production is also in the works to be shown in the US.
but if i could be a fictional person, i would be Arwen, or i would be Harry (short for Angharad) from The Blue Sword.
Receipt of Work
It is Tuesday again and time to share a delicious recipe! :-)
Dr. Lyle's pet peeves: the one-hit knockout punch (and even if you're lucky enough to knock out the bad guy, he'll only be out for a few seconds, and when he wakes up, he'll be MAD), and the one-shot kill. He's seen too many people with a dozen gunshot wounds still walking and talking. Especially if they're drunk. In fact, his comment was, "You can't kill a drunk."
I usually hate having to go through hoops and loops for book giveaways. Books are meant to be shared and read. I don't want to have to eat fire, or make you guys eat fire, just to enjoy a book. Which means, the rules are easy:
"Close your right eye, keep your left eye on the target...and when you're ready, let me know" he coughed into his tartan hanky, wiped his nose and scrunched it back into his vest "ready?"
“Riley. Do you know him?” All the color drained from Nico’s face.
* Create a tantalizing title — one that captures the essence of the story.
ABM may argue that they have studied and discussed such experiences. But busy librarians can not learn about indicators from debates that take place in committees rooms and behind closed doors. Like the sciences, professions need to discuss and exchange arguments in public.
me i can't take the chance, i promised
This was probably true for the earliest storytellers in history. It was true back in the middle ages. It was probably true way before written language existed. Storytellers needn’t write their stories… No.
Numpang is also suing the police officers for malicious prosecution.
Phelon Jones, Jacksonville Jaguars
The CYDA Team
This conviction comes nine years after the crime: the murder of 15-year-old Nick Markowitz.
Went skipping back
- Where's the carnival? There's a float missing its Fruits! - said the sarcy barman.
So, maybe as I trace my way through convoluted tradition and dusty old texts and shards of pottery, amidst ruins of ancient civilizations, perhaps there is mystery and wonder to be found and truth is not necessarily the realm of empiricists and skeptics but of poets and painters. I often think about the people who roamed these coastal areas before me. How did they see their life? What brought them meaning and joy? What would they say about themselves? What do our textbooks fail to tell of their stories and can these be rediscovered?
Today, I ate a cupcake.
1/2 onion finely diced
Once beer was discovered, it required grain, and that was the beginning of agriculture. Neither the glass bottle nor the aluminum can were invented yet, so while our early humans were sitting around waiting for them to invented, they just stayed close to the brewery. That's how villages were formed.
We are so happy to announce the return of our Crystal Occasions Ultimate Wedding Giveaway!!!! We are doing things a little differently this year but we are looking forward to an even bigger and better contest.
and puppies frolicking in fresh falling snow
I used Ravelry's feature of searching for crochet projects using this yarn, and saw many things to tempt me - amigurumi is an obvious choice. There were also many lovely shawls, wraps and scarves - many things to do crochet proud. Some folks had made their own Babette blankets using this yarn... it's an obvious consideration, since the pattern calls for so many different colors. You could conceivably crochet a Babette made of 17 different shades of blue, using this yarn! What to do, what to do...
By: George R.R. Martin
Sadly, most Americans are not fired up about turning this country around. Way too many of them realize that things are getting worse, but they have "checked out" and are just going through the motions of life.
that did not come true
It’s good thing Mother Nature stepped in the save NASCAR from another snores-ville race. Two out of five races this year have been sleepers for sure. The race at Fontana was going by so quickly, you could have napped and missed it!
They hugged and clapped and sang; tears freely flowed;
Caryn agrees and even cites some Scripture to support her point:
Jon Huntsman: “Given the bandwidth that has been taken out of the discussion of any other issues pertinent to this campaign, a reconsideration might be in order. … Every time another accusation comes up, it diminishes our ability to stay focused on the issues that really do matter for the American people, and I think that’s a disservice to the voters.”
Bit by bit, but not all at once. That's the way to do these things.
I know a lot of people thought the whole affair was silly and they probably still do, but I was glad, for my part, to offer good wishes to the happy couple and honored to act as one among their many supporters, an enormous group of removed wedding guests.
My only other slight criticism would be that ‘When God Was A Rabbit’ pushes its point home too hard on occasion especially in its gay sensibility. I think the fact that every other character in the book happened to be gay was brilliant and I could see what Sarah Winman was doing, but that isn’t the way it is in real life is it? It’s meant to be one in ten people, not one in every two. I also wasn’t sure how I felt, in terms of stereotyping, about some characters for example Arthur, who comes into the book about half ay through, is a wonderful character lovely older gay man on the whole but did then fall into a cliché by screaming or saying to our narrator ‘popularity, my dear, is as overrated as a large member’. Whilst yes it did make me laugh, that fact it’s said to a girl of twelve seemed a bit wrong, it reflects that rather archaic view that old gay men can be rather pervy and inappropriate and one we should be stamping out. Maybe I am being too critical there?
All you have to do is have faith and believe in Jesus as savior and confess that he is Lord over all.
Well, I can't blame you. All I do is go on and on about this Chekhov guy and what a genius he was and how you should read his stories & cetera. You don't want to read those posts from me. You don't want to read Chekhov. What you really want is to hear about the book I'm currently writing. Yes, I know you do.
Commando 4400
F: The Halloween Era (Late 70's to Early 80's)
Which brings me to The Traveling Vampire Show. I am pissed off by it’s very existence. The title suggests a brilliant premise – one that encapsulates conflict. We all know carnivals and traveling troupes are creepy. The idea that such a show could conceal real monsters behind nothing more than gel lights and face powder is stunning. The book should write itself.
On the remote dusty plains of windswept North Texas, late in the year of our Lord 2011, there lived two tribes of Idiots.
Yesterday, at our request, a representative from the Department of Agriculture came out to visit and test our chickens in conjunction with the National Poultry Improvement Program. NPIP is a voluntary program that provides testing for common ailments in home and commercial flocks. NPIP helps us to ensure a safe food supply and avoid the transfer of disease through other means (after all, taking care of chickens is not a hands-off activity here at the Flying T). In addition, it allows those who raise chickens to avoid unnecessary medicines and antibiotics. Finally, by working exclusively with NPIP-certified hatcheries and home producers, we can reduce the chances that our healthy flock is infected by birds or chicks we purchase as replacement stock.
Sunday - NO communication as AI kick into action
It is no secret how I feel about carbohydrate-rich foods. I feel they are foods of the Lord. Because how could it taste that good and not be holy? It's like wine. Jesus drank it. So should I. It's the holy thing to do.
The past few batches before this one I had been working at least one, sometimes two decoctions into the mash regime. I am a fan of decoction, especially in lighter styles like pilsner where I think the subtleties the process produces have plenty of room to shine. For this batch however I just didn't feel like bothering with all the extra effort so I put together a simple recipe calling for just a single infusion mash with a small amount of specialty grains for a little depth of malt character and body.
Thanks to all who participated. Thanks to the new follower. Hope everyone will be back for future giveaways. Don't know when.
Tuesday, October 30th–Today was the one year anniversary of Fred’s death. I watched “Love On The Run.”
Houlihan is reborn, into a world of pain.
Very, clean and pretty dry with a silky texture and a tiny hint of cream and chocolate which add to the satin sensation. Medium to long finish with hint of juniper and citrus, very easy to drink and up there with the best.
Unlike normal short stories, this one had to be based on a virtual treasure trail – I had to spend a few days following clues around a world that took my avatar through terrifying worlds, an actual hades, foggy islands, and at one point, something spectacularly out of Shakespeare’s MacBeth (one of my favourites of the man). My favourite was the little cottage with a murdered body on the floor.
At SUNY Oswego, Quest is our annual celebration of research and creative activity, where classes are canceled for the day and hundreds of sessions (mostly student-run) showcase the academic core of our college. For some, it means a day off to party (and/or to do so the night before), but for our serious student scholars, it’s a day they work very hard toward. It’s not as easy to cover as, say, a hockey game, but it represents the lifeblood of learning. So giving it big social media coverage — even if some would say it’s not “sexy” — is worth doing.
Beckoning men every day
Flirt actually runs into a slate environmental problems. Some arts of seduction may not be terribly appropriate for all situations . For example, if you’re on a desert island and one of six dozen people who have survived a plane crash, what you should do is sharpen a stick or a rock so that your target and then assert dominance over them and the group.
So, I will now capitulate and sit down in front of my blank screen and wait for the story to reveal itself. It’s the only way to do it and frankly, at this stage, I’m so heavily pregnant with story that if I don’t, I’ll probably explode. And we all know how messy that might be - chocolate and vanilla will be splattered everywhere!
Issue Four:
My husband has been amazing during this pregnancy. If you could see our house you’d see that the floor is covered in dog hair, the bathroom needs to be cleaned and that laundry desperately needs to be done. There are dishes in the sink but it’s not overwhelming because that’s the one thing I’ve been trying to keep up with. The Man sees all of this and says nothing. Nothing except “Sit, relax!” and “Don’t do anything!” He not complaining or nagging me to clean the house. He doesn’t complain when I have no idea what’s for dinner or don’t feel like cooking. He’s run out for eggs so I could make the Chocolate Lava Cake when I realized the ones we had were bad. The Man has been going to birthing class and is supportive of my desire for an unmedicated childbirth. He’s let me cry and has just held me. He loves feeling munchkin move and we often fall asleep with one of his hands on my belly. He talks to her and is already an amazing dad. The Man doesn’t complain when I turn down the heat or turn on the ceiling fan when I’m hot or when I get up for what feels like the 10th time at night to go to the bathroom. I know I’ve been hormonal and not easy to live with but he just rolls with it. He tells me I’m beautiful, with stretch marks, a big belly, hormones and everything else.
…and I still can’t see anybody on the streets of the city.
Remember how I made you think?”
I would like to say I do not hate Portland or the Portland brewers or brewing scene. I was misquoted in a remark I made about ONE early McManamins pub I didn’t care for. I f%$@ing love Portland and all its beer I am a good friend of Van Havig. I drank many times with Don Younger (RIP) and loved him and the Horse Brass, Tony Lawrence from Boneyard ( I know it's in Bend) is a best friend. Portland was the first place I traveled as a professional brewer--to the old Flanders street pub. Bridgeport is one of my favorites. It's the first place I saw nicros on draught 9 to 1 over macro beer and at a stripclub. Portland rules! Put a bird on it! I love it! Aorry I was misquoted
My life hidden with Christ in God! Amen!
Thanks so much, Holly. You are the best! =)
“The year before she died, Ferne wanted to lose weight and began reading a book that taught her about the psychology of losing weight. She was taught to fix and focus her attention on what she ate and when, and in that paying of attention, she began to learn about the habits that contributed to her being fat, and she began to change them.
And, baby bunnies.
Every morning, I get up have my tea or coffee, kiss my husband and the dog ( sometimes not in that order!) and check my blog. I love to read all of your posts and see what is going on in your parts of the world. I follow many Scandinavian, British and other Europeon blogs so it is nice to see what the weather is like there. I have noticed how my American friends are having such great weather already. I live in Southern Ontario and our weather, although nice at the end of March, has not been that great.
What I need is a medium hot pink tank top to wear under the cardy. I could use some new shoes but that can wait.
I met Khalida this summer in Boulder and I was amazed at her compassion, bravery and sweetness – and struck by her deep, abiding love for her country. I know this tragedy must be breaking her heart.
Release your flood-waters upon me.
Johannesburg - A Metrorail train, travelling between Johannesburg and Pretoria, was set alight on Thursday night, Passenger Rail Agency of SA said.
My bag had:
Sierra Nevada accomplished the trick by using a new, very rare hop called Citra but keeping all the other settings on normal. It's a distinctive hop and, according to the brewery, it is so rare there are only about three acres under cultivation:
Neville let go.
Okay, got that off my chest. Have a lovely day, I'm going to spread my sunshine around somewhere else......
Plan Ahead
Not even gonna lie…shunning processed foods is going to be tough, especially since many of the things I make from “scratch” have ingredients from boxes and bottles! This is going to be a learning experience unlike when I decided to become an herbivore.
Just leave your name and e-mail link and tell me just how much you want to try crazy quilting. My random number man will draw a winner on Thursday evening sometime after dinner. :-)
Back to the drawing board. After lengthy consideration I decided that it's all about my pillow. This is most definitely the reason for my tiredness. I have a very big issue with pillows. For love nor money I cannot find a pillow that perfectly rests my weary head in a substantial and relaxing manner. I have spent so much money on pillows it's ridiculous. I am unable to lie without my neck feeling unsupported and end up squeezing my pillow into a ball with my arm underneath thus resulting in a sore neck and shoulders and panic filled drama in the wee hours when I can't feel my arm and think I've had a stroke.
Buckle in and be not faint of heart! Here we go…
xvii) WIPO, besides being responsible for fostering the active participation of public interest non-governmental organisations, shall take appropriate measures to distinguish between user organisations representing the interests of IP right holders, and NGOs representing the public interest, in a way to prevent confusion and to make things more transparent;
Not that I usually employ this blog to toot my whistles, but this picture snatches me, and holds me, claws into tender skin, in its clutches. Double click to enlarge.
Overdose yourself on pills? You only have Vitamin C in your medicinal cabinet.
Matisyahu Tour Dates
Pizza Cave is also one of the few Kosher restaurants in the North Jersey area that has a real, authentic Israeli-style felafel bar where you ‘stuff your own. This is just a small sampling of the salad toppings they have. I like to put Turkish Eggplant Salad, Israeli Salad, Hummus, Hot Sauce and pickles on mine.
The very background is white felt, (with a border for binding if needed) overlaid with woollen plaid from a sample swatch, for the soil, and cream damask from an old curtain above. I have used this curtaining for a dozen different projects, it has been so useful.
The English title is Late Autumn (<U+B2A6><U+AC00><U+C744>), sung by Cho Kyuhyun of Korean boyband Super Junior.
This stuff, along with coal, and natural gas, has helped us kick every enemies ass, create the best medical facilities on the planet, the best food-producing industry ever, and it put friggin’ dudes on the moon. I sure did not see a solar panel, or wind mill, during any of the Lunar landings.
There are time in life when you feel that there is a great expectation placed upon you. Today was that day. By poplar acclaim, Tim and I decided the above title was the best for our first day in Oban. There really is no better title to describe the day.
"They are also understood to have established a paper trail linking shell companies to Malema’s trust, with what could be instances of money laundering,” the journal reported.
accept you
I did the same with the main character in my book, I loved the word Bow as in the British long Bow so I used that and then I also love the word used to describe a Spanish man of war ship, Gallion.
I wish we could have spent the whole day there; it would have been a great way to relax after a week of running through theme parks. But we needed to make it to Charlotte, NC that night, and we had a lot of driving ahead of us. So we piled back in the van and headed to A1A BEACHFRONT AVENUE!
ZBIGNIEW SIFERT violin
I’m totally chuckling after reading Courtney’s blog from yesterday where she shares the query letter outtakes. The moral of the story is this: If you find yourself unable to write a decent query letter, hire Sherry!
Just a quick one to let you know I am alive and well!! We survived the move back to the UK and have enjoyed the unusually hot September/October. Although today it seems to have sprung back into autumn!
I love that you love me to the moon and back sixtyseventy times,
Yellow stars and tattoos would be particularly useful in Arizona when it comes time to break up those families in which some brown people are citizens and some aren’t. When the state sends people back over the border, if they’ve received the appropriate tattoos it will make the identifying process oh so much easier should any of them try to return.
…can melt my heart with a single smile.
Susan Carter in The Archers
“I’ve learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.” ~ Maya Angelou
Do you ever start crafting and 3 hours later you haven't actually achieved anything? Well this is me this week, suffering from Crafters Block. I have had no inspiration at all and with a long list of to do's I really need my brain to function. I can also do with a cleaner but I guess that isn't going to happen either, lol. It has taken me a couple of days to come up with my card for today and I have kept inside very plain for me.
Although it's set in the future the story took me right back. The music references were like a trip down memory lane and the author has kindly compiled a mix tape for listening to alongside the book. Epic soundtrack!
Is there anything sadder than guacamole and no chips? And yet, it happens. Instead of stashing the guacamole in the refrigerator, this list of ideas should get the green out of the bowl and onto your plate! Just remember to season to taste before serving your new creation...
I'm pretty stoked about the new added ringtones. Before, the only bearable sound for getting a text message that wasn't a marimba or a scaling xylophone (why are those even options?!) was the glass clinking sound which then globally became everyone's preferred/standard text sound. It was literally the only sound that didn't drive you to insanity each time you got a text.
More often than not, my license name goes into the system of whatever company I am trying to change my name with. Then it’s false bc that isn’t my real name in its entirety.
Johnny Ace in the back with Eve when she has Teddy come in. He serves champagne. HHH calls Johnny.
But I had to try because of these beautiful flowers seemed to match my bread pudding :)
Big Girl.
Meeting new friends and traveling around the world can be exciting, but nothing is better than being with the people that you have known a lifetime. I often have a feeling of nervousness in my chest during my day to day life in Paris, but when I'm home and around all of these people that feeling disappears!
I’m seen them live. I love listening to their music and I especially love their newest record.
But I am jealous as I sit here and the hubster and the SIL are sitting out on the porch, smoking some flavoured tobacco via the hubbly bubbly (and no, that is not code for anything illegal, it really is just flavoured tobacco) and relaxing. Because I don't want to be out there in the second hand smoke, not while pregnant.
I’m so looking forward to holding my baby in my hands and inhaling its new-book smell!
And on a related note, good vermouth tastes good. Alone, without the rest of a cocktail, as it’s consumed in Europe. Dolin’s Blanc, which makes excellent martinis, is on the Lillet end of sweetness and tastes fantastic chilled. Carpano Antica, a favorite vermouth for Manhattans, has a delicious bittersweet vanilla flavor on its own.
Linden Lab c.1999, 2011
That's Kay and I hamming it up before our first shoot together! I did eight photo shoots altogether. One with Brittany at 8am (yes that early) and the rest from about 12ish to 10pm!!!! We were all zombies when we finished!!! But it was soooooooooooooooooo much fun!!!!!<U+FEFF>
Happy Friday and Keep it Sweet!
Any miracles occurring in your garden or any that you hope will this spring?
Things are crazy around here. On top of all the other craziness, I got a call a few days ago. My job just ended suddenly as of this Friday. It was always meant to be temporary job, but the sudden termination was sort of unexpected. On top of my Dad getting remarried at 87, my world is rocking on its foundations.
The sad thing is, most people do no better in their search than I did with my purple sock.
Keep your eye on the ball. Everything depends on that.
Jesus Loves Me Heart Sequence- This is a Size sequence in which children arrange the hearts in order of smallest to largest. Once in order it will spell out the words to the song "Jesus Loves Me". Sing the song with your child when it's completed.
When my story came to an almost end, Matthias asked me as to why I haven’t been back to Canada yet, to meet my birth parents. I told him the same thing I said at the beginning of this post. Money, emotional support and the kids.
Vrijheid M, Dolk H, Armstrong B, Abramsky L, Bianchi F, Fazarinc I, et al. Chromosomal congenital anomalies and residence near hazardous waste landfill sites. Lancet 2002; 359: 320-322.
Imprinted on the mould
For the time being, the clear and present danger - to use the American expression - to Britain comes from Islamic terrorism. The extraordinary feature of this terrorism is not the attacks of 7th July 2005 and the others that have been thwarted by the security services but the heroically passive response of the white indigenous majority population to a large, growing and resentful minority in their midst which makes no secret of its hatred and loathing of Britain. One might argue that this is an example of that famous British tolerance. On the contrary, it is not an exercise in tolerance to permit the country, a country one’s ancestors defended from past enemies so that we, today, can live in freedom, to be invaded by the Third World. The reason why white indigenous Britons are not more openly vocal in resisting multiculturalism is because they have seen the despicable and cowardly measures which have been taken against those who dissent. If you are heavily mortgaged with two children, you may decide that keeping your mouth shut is a wiser option. There are however other forms of resistance which are still legal. White flight from racial minorities has already been mentioned. Wealthy parents and those parents prepared to make the necessary sacrifices can send their children to good private schools. Another option is to leave Britain altogether. The trouble is that many of the favoured destinations – Canada, New Zealand, Australia, and Spain - have similar problems of their own. In all these countries there are large numbers of whites who collude with non-whites in order to bring about what they believe will be a multiracial utopia. As in Britain, these people are oblivious to historical and contemporary evidence, which shows that multiracial/multiethnic states are inherently unstable.
NL Beginner Strategy
But first, Jenna has to figure out what she wants, what she needs, who she loves, and if she has the passion and pride to take a shot at having it all—including Ty…
Hi all ,
Damn, I’m travel hung-over tired.
“Mr. Cromitie had told the informant that he was upset about the war in Afghanistan and that that he wanted to “do something to America.” Mr. Cromitie stated “the best target” — the World Trade Center — “was hit already,” according to the complaint.” NYT added
My computer crashed this week, and I lost most of the interesting and well-written articles I had pulled for all you lovely readers this week. I included below the ones I could recover, but I’m afraid the list is a little short this week. To compensate, share your favorite conversation-starter article from this past week in the comment boxes and include the link so we can all benefit and stay informed together.
I bought book in the middle for $5.00 and the book on top...
Write an un-complicated pattern with the kick and rename audio 1 to "Kick".
She tried to explain it to me. That it was a social behavior. That it was the appropriate thing to do. To let people know that things would be OK. To give them the feeling that everyone cared, and was concerned.
The morning after Jesse and Michelle arrived we started the Christmas holiday season with some very sad news...my sister-inlaw Irma had passed away on the 21 Dec.
Well, at least to me it was.
Time after time is procreating time on the deserts of vast eternity
The surprising success at Prestonpans was the tinder that sparked the initial success of the Jacobite revolt in 1745: on 21 September 1745 the Jacobite army loyal to James Francis Edward Stuart and led by his son Charles Edward Stuart (Bonnie Prince Charlie) defeated the government army loyal to the Hanoverian George II led by General Sir John Cope at Prestonpans – a few miles outside Edinburgh.
<U+FFFD> Project Management Reporting System
“Smells like Magenta, but has a bit of a Fuchsia aftertaste.”
This band are so fucking metal, that if you dip them in salt water they produce an electro-magnetic field. Gezol on more than one occasion made his way into the pit to let fans sing along and even surfed the crowed whilst singing, as the guitarists were throwing all manner of ‘heavy metal’ shapes and whipping their heads like demons.
It's a bit of a stretch to claim Keith "worked for meaningful reform of eyewitness identification" when in fact he opposed the only meaningful eyewitness reforms proposed at the Lege last year.
The essences of indigenous beauty and femininity
"We're not gonna make it!" I said, as we hurled towards the chasm at seventy miles per hour.
I choose four recipes that covered the spectrum of difficulty and made them back to back. Three of them yielded results worth eating, while one went down the drain.
Then I thought of all the other terrible parts of the city, from our mayor, to Etobicoke, to the amount of people violently railing against the very progressive majority and it dawned on me that I love every part of this city and even though I can see it’s failures, I will defend the failures and the rest of the city against any yokel from Kitchener or Whitby or Oakville that tried to downplay how great this city is.
One of his finest homes, the Merritt home, introduced Gregory to the Merritt family, and later his daughter, Clara would marry C.H. Merritt. The First Methodist Church has a memorial stained glass window to the Gregory family’s memory. Hampson Gregory died in 1922 and is buried in Park Cemetery. Today, nearly a century after his death, Gregory’s true memorial is the many homes and public buildings he built and which still stand today. The Mining Journal was correct—he remains one of the men most responsible for building Marquette.
I know I should care, since this is finals week, and these are going to be the last grades I get for this semester. But I have not managed to escape the “I’m-tired-of-school” funk that I’ve been in since before spring break. I’m hoping that this won’t be an ongoing theme for the remaining three semesters I have left here.
Ok, so this one doesn’t really have to do with the INTJ, but it is somewhat related to the Myers-Briggs and I thought it was incredible funny!
Audio: English 5.1 Dolby Digital, Spanish 2.0 Dolby Surround,
The description was brief: the machine was in excellent condition (remember that word, excellent -- it's key) and worked perfectly. Well, yesterday I received the machine (from Canada -- I know, I know...). It was not in excellent condition; in fact, it was in -- at most -- fair condition, some might even say poor.
NYX Narcissus 509 a vibrant cool toned true dolly pink
This may seem silly, but I read a magazine that does a "short list" of things that different celebrities love at the moment. I LOVE making lists, so I thought I would do my own version of a "short list!". Only this is a short list of baby/mommy stuff that I currently LOVE!!! So here goes...
More information can be found here:
So lovely! Stop by tomorrow for a more in-depth look at this fab wedding as well as Julie's favorite part of her day and her advise to fellow brides! See you then ...
Jon Lee : Jon was the youngest member of the group. He was only 16 when they formed. After leaving the group he went on to pursue a career in the West End and played the role of Marius in Les Miserables between 2003-2004. In 2006 he starred in the short TV series “The Sound of Musicals” alongside some famous stars such as Carrie & David Grant and John Barrowman. His latest role was the lead of “Frankie Valli” in Jersey boys from 2011 + . I have to say after seeing him live in Les Mis back in 2004 he doesn’t have the strongest of voices and is one of the weaker Marius’s. He’s also had small acting roles on soaps such as Casualty.
Until a few years ago, this very road was traveled by the santelena hotel venice italy in Italy are renting to people and as you reach Italy. For instance, if you were married in Italy is situated 50 miles from Florence, between Arezzo and Perugia. As you approach the santelena hotel venice italy of Genoa, Florence, Milan and especially Venice prospered, both in areas such as Sicily, were taken over first by Muslims in the santelena hotel venice italy a great deal of stunning mountain scenery? Travelers to northern Italy during the santelena hotel venice italy and covers the santelena hotel venice italy of Italy. These individuals have found this type of investment to be active after your wedding in Italy in a good way. Italy is highly expensive. If you are getting married in Italy involves the santelena hotel venice italy and investing in real estate is the santelena hotel venice italy is the santelena hotel venice italy for their cleanliness and safety. Abruzzo, Apulia, Calabria and Tuscany are among the santelena hotel venice italy as well multi-family properties that are members of the santelena hotel venice italy it being synonymous with romance, boasting of rich tradition of lovers, one being the santelena hotel venice italy are seaside resorts and vineyards for wine and perhaps pick up your talk time credit, you can hop on a cell phone, absolutely free of cost saving. Italy cell phone, absolutely free of any obvious defects or liens.
Won’t someone please just come and make things not matter?
One of the best things in a pub is to hear that lively buzz of people enjoying themselves over a tipple or three. It isn't just CAMRA members that take pleasure in cheery conversation unhindered by inappropriate music, played at nearly full toss. Is it really so wrong just to want to chat or ponder quietly? While background music can and does enhance from time to time, if you have to shout above it, it ceases to be background.
take great care in keeping batches small to
Travelling aside (for this weekend at least) I have finally been able to settle into my life here in Krakow. I managed to find yoga classes that help to bring balance to my life. The beautiful weather here (68 degrees on Sunday!!!) makes it impossible to be sad or homesick. Just sitting on the main square and watching people in the sunshine makes me never want to come back to America (sorry mom). My life is filled with international dinner parties, long walks around the town, wonderful and inspirational people, and yeah school. As for now I am preparing to leave to Budapest on Thursday and Florence next Friday. Is this real life?
Insulin: In the most simplest explanation, Insulin is a BRILLIANT GENIUS hormone that reacts to our blood glucose/sugar and then it knows what to do with it. Insulin is secreted/made when it receives this blood sugar then its function is primarily to send it to the liver to be stored as glycogen(similar to alcohol)..too much insulin (from too much blood sugar) and the liver then stores it as fat! That is the reason that sugar causes obesity when it's so low calorie per tsp.
As a result you can imagine I care little for whether Brewdog Punk IPA tastes better in cans or bottles. I’m sure both are nice, in what form is it the cheapest and how will I feel the morning after necking a skinful of the stuff? These are questions that need answering. Until then I have a quiet weekend of moderate sobriety because the following weekend a pal is visiting England from Germany. I have permission to get proper trollied. He’s a bit of an Anglophile and likes pongy cask ale. I’m taking him around the bars all the nice beer bloggers showed me on the last twissup as they seemed to be nice places to neck pong. I might join him in that or I might neck an ice cold fizzy lout, who’s to say? As darkness falls we will be drawn like moths to the light of bars where dancing and pretty girls reside. I shall behave myself.
This was supposed to go up last week but I somehow forgot to save it correctly....
AND/OR ITS SUPPLIERS.
That you will always own a piece of my soul.
Now for a feature that there is approximately zero chance that I will keep up regularly: The Funny Rumble.
It feel like we haven't moved forward at all, but backward in life. Of course I feel lonely here in NH without him, but I really feel bad for my kids. It takes a toll on them with him away so often. Especially baby K whose favorite person in the world is Daddy.
That night he’s in her yard. He’s got his green dufflebag with all his paints and all his paintbrushes and a fine linen canvas. He’d just shouldered the bag onto the lawn when a flash blinds him. She’s in the window with a Polaroid.
I can't think of one. (The King's Speech was excellent, and by far the best movie I've seen in ages, but I saw that in 2011)
3. I drove to a garden shop and loaded the truck with mulch. I drove back home.
Unfortunately, it is often too difficult for people to seek support for their concerns. As a friend or family member, how do you know when you should encourage someone to get professiona and spiritual counseling? How can you help someone in need? What types of things would you consider urgent?
Dr. Kamal Al-Hilbawi: I condemn the targeting of any civilian, but incidentally, I believe that every Israeli civilian is a future soldier.
5. Motivation comes from vision, not from fear.
Finding Atheism
In December 2006, Mr. Rodriguez filed a claim with the Department of Veterans Affairs, arguing that he deserved a monthly disability check and priority mental health care from the agency because of post-traumatic stress disorder. More than five years later, he is still waiting for a final determination on his case.
suck the rug clean of our sloppy body’s
Best UK Draught (Cask or Keg) Beer
Danny Bott
I used my Corner Chomper to round the corners of the covered TP Roll.
I love them, and I'm sure you will too! I can't wait to see them live in October! :) Give them a listen and let me know what you think!
There are also outstanding wiliness shows in the state that leave helpfulness you with the direct that you require to pee and commit as gifts. The Carol Duvall simulation for happening has a lot of projects that you can do to hit it easier for you. It module also have you up to companion with whatsoever of the materials and gadgets (yes crafters bonk gadgets) that testament alter everything much easier to do. There are the knife machines, the stamps and the engravers. Certainty me, making handstitched gifts has never been easier with all these gadgets.
Here is another example of mixing warms and cools to make the accents really pop!
a few years ago, while we were living in hawaii, i was in the back yard, doing some cleaning and mowing. i reached out to put the cover on the grill, threw it up over the top and began to spread it out. then i saw it. a big old ugly centipede. it wasn't the biggest i have seen-maybe 4 or 5 inches long, 1/2 an inch wide. centipedes may be the nastiest, ugliest, meanest, creepy-crawliest of all bugs. and my hand was less than a foot away from it. i jumped back from the grill. then i stood there, trembling, unable to move due to the fear that had taken over me.
As I struggle to make a male card (who doesn't!), I found myself making a vintage card
Satellite photos show an actual line of demarcation between South Korea and North Korea at night, due to the fact that the North Korean government shuts off all electricity when the head bastard deems it’s time all citizens are in bed.
Let’s have a real serious talk here.
Launches are scheduled to go up every 30 minutes using six launch pads between 8:30 a.m. and 5:30 p.m. each day.
Love your enemies, means to forgive them and ask blessings for them, from deep of your heart. For sure it is not an easy thing to do. Through Christ, we can do anything. We can ask the Father to help us to forgive and in time it does happen. When we lay this issue onto His feet and we try just to re-direct our thoughts to more beneficial subjects and not to keep cooking in our mind what happened; in time we will fully forgive. As mentioned above, as we love them and asking blessings, they will stop being our enemies and we migth become even friends! Prayer has a great power!
Fatherland Brewers and Hometown Hops
And nature is heartbeat,
3 undoubtedly
First off, this is not exactly a happy post by any means. Life with livestock is not always sunshine and butterflies.
*If you're new to this subject then you'll find a variety of posts on it by putting #less365 in the search box at the top
But then again, you also got bullied if you were timid and fat. Anything that made you different made you a target. I can only imagine the torment a young adolescent or young college student faces if a bully finds out you are gay.
Ideally, I’d like to teach in Hong Kong for 2 years, teach in China for another year, and then come back to San Diego to get my teaching credential to teach Kindergarten. I wouldn’t mind staying abroad for even longer though, depending on how things go.
As I posted on my facebook page, I am going to be doing a mini-session day on October 29, 2011. This would be a perfect time to capture a few pictures for your Christmas card, do a birthday session for a child that may have a birthday around this time, take a few family photos, etc. I will be hosting these at Springton Manor Farm again since it is such a beautiful place to use as a background.
I plan to figure out my shoulders
The next day, we began again with Y, and again, the mix of discussion, music, multimedia and the moments of summing up theory worked very well for me; I was in awe of Y, to be honest, and wished we could have her teach more courses. The afternoon came and X proceeded to lecture with a slideshow, stating that X was “asked to give this lecture”. Throughout the afternoon, X repeatedly made snide side comments, such as, “For those people who need numbers…” and “For those people who need to write until they have carpal tunnel….” I felt attacked, and very uncomfortable. I hadn’t once said this, and I hoped that no other student had done so, either. It was a lecture on the specific horrible issues faced by the much maligned and abused Aboriginals of our country, and I wasn’t able to fully immerse myself because of the little barbs peppering it.
Oh, things ain’t what they used to be.
I made a piece of word art in the style of the old New York Subway Signage.
It's a year this week since myself and Doug flew to America, it feels like a very strange and surreal dream, did we really get asked to come all that way to show how we do what we do? Did we actually spend virtually the whole of April travelling around the east coast being wined and dine and meeting wonderful people and seeing beautiful places and showing our pots and how we make them? Incredible. If it's true then blimey! Amazing. If it's a dream, what a fun dream to have had and maybe I'll actually come to America one day and travel around and show my pots...
Muni renewed a contract with Warner bros, an unprecedented agreement for an actor during that period...he would make 2 films a year, shot in the May to October periods leaving him free for stage work in the fall and winter. Limited press interviews and approval of story outlines was also part of the deal, all in all he would get $100,000 a picture, twice a year, for 7 years.
As human beings we are uniquely endowed with a very powerful ability…FREE-WILL… which is our inherent capacity to think and chose freely above and beyond external influence or force. Simply stated, we can voluntarily chose or decide what or how to think about ourselves, others, things and experiences. It is our innate free-will which upholds the universal claim that we are ultimately responsible for what we experience.
1436 D-IX/22/2002. “St. John Chrysostom and the Jews.” St. John Chrysostom Episcopal Church, Chicago, Illinois.
Red Flag Perfume
Conqueror 1075 - (Black IPA) 7.4% ABV
Here’s a breakdown of what the report suggests may have happened on the scene:
Well, that nasty, demanding, unreasonable teacher and I have been friends now for about over a year. She's one of the women I share coffee with most Saturday mornings at Sandy's Quilt Shop. Her name is Flo. Did I tell you I now love this woman? Yup. I know. I could knock you over with a feather, right?
Another fun experiment was using the Night Landscape mode in broad daylight with super bright sunshine. It darkens the picture at the same time the slower shutter speed results in the wispy waterfall.
highest elected official is the county sheriff. We will restore lawful
To take this analogy a step further, we can look again to the grace and eloquence of the butterfly and realize that our journey is our only guarantee. Our responsibility to make our way in faith, accept the change that comes, and emerge from our transitions as brilliantly as the butterfly.
Eventually, everyone finished their eating, leaving room for words in their mouths.
But in both cases, it comes down to the choices of the teens in question. In neither case are the teen's choices limited by a lack of supplies, options, or information.
The mother implies, “These screwy, mixed-up, quack-o therapists my daughter sees…….(eyes rolling)”
“The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes on incomes, from whatever source derived, without apportionment among the several states, and without regard to any census or enumeration.”
1 large tub frozen sliced strawberries, thawed
The expo will be held on Saturday August 27 and Sunday August 28 and activities will include:
But we put it together and when we got through
No one has been convicted of the murder of Anthony Campbell.
Modern science casts substantial doubt on religion (p 37 of Chapter 2, Science and Hope):
Yesterday I got an envelope from 123stitch.com and a small box from Barnes and Nobles. Last Saturday the 5th I received a box from Barnes and Noble. Of course there were charts in them. Lots of dragons and other mythic and amusing subjects. Today I received another envelope from 123stitch.com, it had the one chart that was back ordered in it. Yesterday I received a second box from Barnes and Nobles and it had the stitching cards book in it. I just love getting stitchy stuff in the mail! It makes my whole day!
Amit Bansal answers, If you have an email or document which states the reason why the supervisor did not do your appraisal correctly, then you can raise this issue with the HR and request them to review the appraisal. As I had mentioned earlier, most HR’s have a policy where a review request for appraisal can be initiated.
Mr Sheridan quoted from a report of the Parliamentary Committee on Culture, Media and Sport which had described a “collective amnesia” amongst the newspaper’s executives into the scale of the group’s phone hacking activities. Mr Bird had already been asked about this, referred to below. He repeated that the committee was “biased” as “MP’s do not like tabloid newspapers poking around their private lives and expense claims”.
We are proud of our teachings, and our heritage. They have been passed to us by our ancestors, and represent thousands of years of our individual histories. Your patience and understanding of our traditions and cultures is appreciated.
Revenge was not so sweet as I thought it would be
Have you ever been penny wise but pound foolish? What consequences of trying to save a little bit of money?
Who became a great friend of mine as a result. And I said, "Well, military history I'd like." And he said, "Would you review crime? If you review crime regularly, once a fortnight, you can take military history as well." So that was the deal.
The book should follow on ‘Daughters-in-Law’ – Joanna’s most recent publication. Avid fans will remember it as belonging on the bookshelf with her other novels like ‘The Choir’ (Joanna’s first contemporary novel), ‘Men and the Girls’, ‘Friday Nights’, ‘The Other Family’ and of course ‘The Rector’s Wife.’ She’ll be autographing copies when she visits Sri Lanka for the first time to attend the 2012 Galle Literary Festival, an event which she describes as “a treat in itself.” While she’s here, Joanna also intends to be involved in some of the festival’s outreach programs: “The young are of course the future of any country, so it will be a privilege as well as fascinating to learn something of what children and the under 25’s in Sri Lanka think and hope for – and I’m afraid that once a teacher (I taught for twenty years in the UK, long ago…) always a teacher, in some sense! So that will be a wonderful add-on to the literary aspect of the visit.”
CAPTAINS, Post of Three Years—Full Dress.
"Can I just use red and green icin' and not write nuthin'?"
What I'm keeping:
Victims feel shame because there’s a perception/expectation that you are treated the way you deserve – that if you remain in a relationship (romantic, work, friends, family, any type) that makes you feel bad; it’s because you must want to or deserve to be treated poorly.
You can see the new fronds trying to peak through the old leaves:
Nostalgia also hits. I sometimes wish I could have told my teenage self that the things I cried over were really not worth it in the end, because they didn't matter in the long run. But that is what age is for, to understand what is not worth it in the long run and to pare down your life into what is really worth it.
April has arrived, which (in the northern hemisphere) brings thoughts of wearing your Sunday springtime best and perhaps donning an Easter bonnet! So we want to you to show us your Sunday best; ruffles, ribbons, lace, frills; however you want to interpret the challenge!
I asked "Out of everything you have written, what was your favorite?"
13:39.03 Zak Barie 1982
and cotyledon skinned,
So a bunch of us refused to go back to Scouts. We just quit. Fuck 'em. About a week after I had successfully extracted myself from the Boy Scouts, I made it a clean sweep and insisted that I be allowed to quit piano lessons, as well. Shortly after that, I made "quitting" one of my favorite things, and refused to be drug back into a Catholic Church as an altar boy. Fuck it all...
ME - Well, St.Austell have given you four pumps, and they've got you serving Proper Job as well as another IPA called 'IPA'.
Would not the whole level of our church life become apostolically elevated if God’s people came to the hearing of the word with such an expectancy? Would not our ministers of the Word need to seek the Lord more earnestly for His Word if they knew they were standing before congregations of such a kind? Would we not then all go on from faith to faith and glory to glory? Then could we testify with the Psalmist, “He sent His word and healed them” (Psalm 107:20).
NONE has responded.
William Klein
If this is the case, then the ANC’s public statements that they did not pick him up in Libya, nor did they bring him back to South Africa, will thus be inaccurate and downright sneaky, but nevertheless truthful.
Despite this thoughts will inevitably turn to the next game, the FA Cup final against Fulham’s West London neighbours. Surely Kenny will rest players before Saturday if only to avoid injuries?
Some have been warning us for years that there are forces within this land which are committed to destroying everything which is great about Great Britain. For a long time they were lonely voices calling to deaf ears, although more recently others, including one time New Labour voters, such as myself, have begun to see the truth in what they are have been telling us, and to appreciate the growing threat which we, as a nation, face.
The theme of the annual program varies each year, but many of the same animals participate, said Tlachac, who brings animals annually from his sanctuary to teach about nature and wildlife.
Like Neytiri says in Avatar,
I had her hair so cute this day. I had two braids on each side leading back to one big ponytail. She ripped one of the braids out before we even pulled out of the driveway to go to school. Mommy was not happy!Modeling the San Francisco shirts we got them while on vacation. Feeding the goats.Petting the horses.Will loves drawing mazes these days.Playing at the Relay for LifePlaying catch – maybe for the first time ever with a real ball and glove.Go Martha Go!Lindy was busting a move!Lindy decided Pat was sick and she gave her a very thorough examination. She just happened to be carrying a flashlight in her purse! Will worked and worked at the hula hoop and was actually doing it a little by the time we left. Church clothes on Sunday.This is when I told them NOT to smile. Impossible!
To one side of the stage is something like a billiard table that turns out to be a treadmill. This is the locus of one the production's hilariously kitsch moments: a Chinese pop song rises and the two lovers are running together, in an analogue of making love. It made me feel as if I had strayed into a bad anime. Towards the end of the play, the stage is flooded with water, forcing the cast, rather charmingly, to don green gumboots. In the climax, Zhang Nianhua ends up standing on a table being drenched with a private rainstorm, passionately declaiming his stalker ambitions. I still don't know why he had to be so wet.
1 hypnotize
The lady is stamped with black Stayzon ink onto quick laminate, and gilding flakes put behind her hat band and flowers and attached to card inked in vintage stains, cut and layered and mounted. There is some random stamping using flourishes on the background card.
Good news people! With the amount of vinyl rips that I occasionally provide here, one might think that I'm just an old fart living in the dinosaur ages but you'd be wrong. Vinyl record sales are back in high rotation. In 2010 Vinyl Records sales increased to become the fastest growing music format in USA and Canada. Take that digital. Also these numbers do not include all of the 100% DIY/Independent releases. Or sales from most Mom & Pop stores and bands who sell off-stage at concerts. Barcodeless-off-the-grid stuff. So the numbers are even higher than being reported. Now if you think it's just a bunch of us old hippies trying to relive our glory years you'd be wrong again. Younger people are the fastest growing market for vinyl. There are a number of factors at work here. Digital download limitations in recent months has led some customers toward searching out for higher sound quality, as well as the more authentic experience of physically putting on a record and holding and looking at the sleeve. After reading several articles I've come up with at least 10 reasons for the renewed interest in the glorious vinyl sound.
3. In a blender, puree strawberries in syrup with a bit of water.
In a way, to clarify, my critique here is partially also a question about the choice of Bourdieu's sociological framework. Because for Bourdieu, the virtue of the field/habitus logic is that it objectivises systems of symolic domination and makes visible the mechanisms of invisibility within them (It's like blowing smoke to make light rays appear in a room). But within the idea of revolutionary politics, what Bourdieu calls habitus and field is problematized (as death drive, or Thermidor, or simply as death, to take St. Paul as reference). So isn't the use of the field/habitus framework applied to movements at risk of excluding revolutionary politics in advance, or, if it is included, to describe it from the perspective of its death?
When I am searching for something sweet,
Then his eye welled a tear that held no regret,
Even with all the local bands that I talk to on a regular basis, I had not heard of Liquid Blonde, one of the bands on the bill. They seemed to have characteristics like Powerman 5000 and Orgy. Their look is a little bit futuristic/punk while their sound incorporates electro type beats with heavy rock. Maybe there's a rap-rock revival on the horizon because a couple of their songs had that vibe. I just Googled them as I write this and see that their tag line is "Electro-Sci-Fi Rock Orgy" so I wasn't far off. Their drummer is jacked bigger than any of the WWE Superstars and I think they had a topless keyboardist, so there's that.
1975-1985 In 1975, Gulf was restructured into seven separate operating companies. By year’s end, the Company evaluated 48 of 82 Gulf of Mexico tracts acquired since 1972, resulting in seven major discoveries and nine less significant discoveries. Gulf ended its 75th year facing new patterns of relationships abroad, and prepared to devote increased attention to interests in the U.S. and Canada.
My school counseling internship has taken over my life. I guess that's to be expected since it's like a having a full-time job minus the pay. If I'm not at school, then I'm reading articles about school counseling, editing and re-formatting my resume, writing cover letters, putting together my portfolio, and getting super nervous about the whole searching for a job thing. Who knew I'd be so terrified at simply the idea of an interview?
Manufacturing can be a major factor in reducing our country’s trade deficit.
Devon finally gets to use the restored makeup table she has wanted in her room.
"Two words, indeed, of praying we remember,
He found a fresh jawbone of a donkey, so he reached out and took it and killed a thousand men with it.
Pratchett’s con artist works through charisma, and successfully charms the readers as well as those in Ankh-Morpork. The numerous turns and story lines unravel at a quick pace that carries the reader along pleasantly, without being abrupt or confusing. Add to that Pratchett’s great talent of creating stories that are really relevant, but only just relevant enough, and Going Postal packs entertainment with a punch.
I’d recommend signing up for their FREE content as a minimum – you’ll then be one step ahead of the main crowd.
September 2 is the feastday of a County Kildare saint, Seanan of Laithrech-Briuin. Canon O'Hanlon begins his account with a lament that he is one of the many Irish saints of whom we know little, but he must have been a figure of some standing as he is named as an attendee at the Synod of Dromceat in 580. For this re-post I have added the details of the entry for the day from the Martyrology of Aengus which appear in the footnotes in the original volume. I have also added the details and accompanying illustration of the church ruins as this may be of interest to people living in the local area.
Clark goes on to admit something kind of embarrassing about the grading system:
Dinosaur jr. I don’t think so US
Reality changes in the blink of an eye. Like a turning gel flash and everything is suddenly red, then suddenly green, then suddenly white again. The things themselves don't change, but their appearance does. This makes everything so complicated. He says there is the Great Reality, the ultimate truth, that we can't really comprehend or interpret because of the limitations of our humanity. But that the closer we come to this, the closer we come to sanity. I will pray, then, to the Great Reality.
Is there a single honorable, chaste woman left in these countries? Don’t they reprimand a girl who is still a virgin at the age of 14? They say: How can this be? She becomes undesirable. Where are her boyfriends?
This week Crafty Sentiments Designs is providing the above prize to some lucky participant!!! So jump right in and join in with us!!!
Yes 119 (38.39%)
Tuesday - AI fix the final part using exactly the same code Goth suggested
Jesus references an incident recorded in 1 Samuel 21:1-6, in which David and his men are hungry and tired while on the run from Saul – the jealous and erratic kill of Israel at the time. David comes to Ahimelech the priest and asks him for food. And the priest offers David the ceremonial bread presented before the LORD in the Tabernacle, the only food available at the moment. This bread was only supposed to be consumed by priest after it was removed from God’s presence.
I have been in love with Jane Austen’s stories for as long as I can remember. When I was twelve, I read Pride and Prejudice and was hooked. Perhaps, it was being a product of the 1950s and 1960s. Those decades were a male dominated period (Have you ever watched “Mad Men”?). Jane Austen’s works looked at society through a comedic screen while examining issues found in a male dominated world. Charlotte Lucas symbolizes the prevailing attitude toward women, while Elizabeth Bennet does not condemn feminine “virtues,” but rather balances them with a sensible mind. In each of Austen’s novels, the main characters have experiences that create a profound and permanent transformation (Fitzwilliam Darcy and Elizabeth Bennet in Pride and Prejudice; Marianne Dashwood in Sense and Sensibility; Emma Woodhouse in Emma; Anne Elliot in Persuasion; Catherine Morland in Northanger Abbey; and Edmund in Mansfield Park). Austen’s witty, satirical approach to her subjects resonates across the centuries.
DiS: How do you choose which shows or tours to do without any orchestration? On Inni that seemed to be a key characteristic in terms of affecting which songs you were able to play.
OF COURSE THERE ARE MANY, MANY MORE GREAT CHRISTMAS LPS THAT I GREW UP WITH, BUT THESE ARE THE TOP 10
No matter which way you want to look at them, the lives we lead are basically the result of choices made and events encountered at every moment of our existence. Good ones, bad ones, excruciatingly stupid ones at times, they all add up to create the patterns of daily life in which we live. Happy and fulfilling lives, sad and dreary ones, occasionally unfortunate ones in which we just plod on and on and on, pretending that everything's just OK, when it's not and you're silently screaming your lungs out in frustration.
The weather being what it is we haven’t ventured very far to be honest – we did a little shopping to stock our fridge and then we tidied up a little – and after that I had a little crafty time while the littlies played. So out came my Humphrey’s Corner Crafting Collection Cd-Rom from Crafter’s Companion along with a little imagination, and away I went into my own little world… hehehe.
I slicked it on as soon as I bought it and was very impressed. The lipstick went on smoothly and didn’t dry my lips out. The colour wasn’t as pigmented as I had hoped, however it is a very wearable shade, with more than just a wash of colour. In the packagaing it looked quite a tangy orange, however on my lips it was more of a peachy, soft coral. It lasted a few hours, but I did have to reapply it a lot, which was a pain.
Creating that space, or “air”, is perhaps one of the things that can be done in relationships when the desire is at a low ebb. But also just realizing that the ebbs of desire will be accompanied by upward flows is one way to ensure expectations for sex don’t get in the way of pleasure from sex, especially in the context of long-term relationships.
TommyCat looks like he could be Bob's brother. He's tall and thin and sleek and black. He lets me pet him in exchange for food, although he prefers not to be touched.
Recently, a Long Island, New York woman was shocked when she checked the mail and received a letter from the U.S. Treasury -- but it wasn't for her.
23. Full Moon - Elvira
However, my problem is sometimes I don’t feel inspired to create anything with them. It’s really hard to come up with a piece of quality work or something of value for a blog, article or story line. I need something to inspire me - that trigger from the idea that gets me going, writing something I feel so passionately about, that once I start putting pen to paper and write the first word, it is a catalyst for everything else whirring around in my head, to transpose on to the piece of paper where your pen is yielded; an effortless transition from brain to pen to paper and before you know it, the piece has written itself.
Any woman can become a tragic heroine like Ana if she gives in to a secret longing that has no realistic outlet or satisfaction. Written in the tradition of my favorite nineteenth-century novels, Anna Karenina and Madame Bovary–but with a contemporary psychological twist–The Seducer shows that true love can be found in our ordinary lives rather than in flimsy fantasies masquerading as great passions.
“This way! Hurry! Follow the arrow!”
10. The tastiest part of this recipe… buttercream. Soften the butter in a bowl, and add the sifted icing sugar. Cream together until smooth and light. Now add the vanilla and food colouring of your own preference… I chose pink simply because it’s pretty and looks glorious against gold.
Ironic to come into work and find an influx of folks sharing these two videos – created by a Dutch filmmaker and father. His children’s life, growth, personalities – their moments – all beautifully captured in less than three minutes. What a gorgeous tribute to his children and such an amazing way to honor this magical parenting journey. Enjoy!
The India government’s recent move that would have given unprecedented access to mega retail houses like Wal-Mart to the middle-class market, amid widely feared consequences for small farmers and merchants, had to be put off, at least temporarily, following a huge national outcry.
Nastenka’s parents died young, and her grandfather, Father Filaret, who by then had also lost his wife, raised her from the age of five. The girl lived in his house in the village of Milostayki until she was twelve, through the years of the German War and the revolution.
He was commissioned by many people to paint, cats, dogs, people, landscapes, in fact he excelled at every challenge, here are a few photos of some of his work:
This one was made for the color challenge #363 on Splitcoaststampers. Joanne was our hostess and she chose the beautiful color trio of pink pirouette, pretty in pink and basic gray. She also wanted us to use buttons on our card.
The book actually starts years later when Autumn is successfully running her own event-planning business and bringing up their child, Conner, by herself. Sam looks after Conner now and then when it suits him but he has never been very reliable and he never picks Conner up himself – he sends his assistant. They run into each other again at a wedding she’s in charge of and from there on in everything seems to change between them.
In 2008, then Nominated MP Professor Thio Li-Ann started a motion in parliament proposing a three-month timeline to call for a by-election. Both WP MPs Low Thia Kiang and Sylvia Lim voted against the motion together with the PAP MPs. Now they did a sudden U-turn to exert relentless pressure on PM Lee to call for a by-election, prompting some to question their motives.
“We should not be in a race to the bottom where we take pride in having the cheapest labor and the most polluted air and the least protected consumers,” he said.
"Write it," I felt like I heard.
b) 120
This is why the US fears a eurocollapse so much: while the anarchy at present gives the aspiring two-termer Obama yet another excuse for having been useless, out here in the real world the American Establishment knows only too well that a run on its banks would turn the obscene sovereign debt problem into a disaster.
Could it be?
COVERS
Design for embroidered fire screen, 1912, by Duncan Grant
Here is a selection of some fresh produce we purchased last year:
“Zanna’s come home then?” Barbara asked stiffly. She straightened to her full height, her face registering disapproval and then hope. “So the ceremony’ll go on as though nothin’–?”
1) Certainty/Comfort
What Lou is graciously saying is that Tony blew his lines on every take, so much so that they decided that maybe it would be best if Tony simply ‘looked’ the line. I guess that didn’t work either because, in Tony’s own words, “I ended up on the cutting-room floor.”
If you’re in your car during an earthquake, stay there until the shaking stops—a car’s shocks will actually absorb a lot of the shaking and keep you fairly safe from falling items. Be sure to stop carefully if you’re en route, as you don’t want to cause an accident by swerving or stopping suddenly. Don’t stop on a bridge or overpass on a freeway if at all possible. If debris or other items fall on your car, carefully open the door when you exit, to be sure nothing will slide off
Level 9: MP Cost: 25, Damage: 226%, Attacks up to 6 enemies 3 times, 9% chance to stun the enemy for 2 seconds.
One question the OB that called me back tonight asked was whether or not I had a fever. I didn't know at the time but I just took my temperature and, though it is higher than normal for me, I don't think it is high for pregnancy. It was 98.something (high, though I can't remember exactly.) Non-pregnant, I am 97.8, so I would expect to be nearly two degrees higher while pregnant. Since the number was not even close to 100, I figure I am not running a fever.
Livin’ on a Prayer – Bon Jovi
I’m going to finish with this small story, one day a prince came to a holy man (lets say) and said,
“Hey, look! It’s the hopeless romantic!” shouted one of the bullies you were bullied by. You didn’t seem to mind at all.
Everybody is unique. Our DNA shows that no one person is alike. Personality is original, bodies are original. We may all fit in to a type or category (volumptuous, average and thin) but even then categorizing can be difficult and wrong.
The boomer generation, born in the 1950’s to early 1960’s, may have dim memory of an iconic song or two of hers. The majority of the audience seemed to fall in the same age category if one can judge grey hair without hair colouring. I remembered her song, Universal Soldier that was released after Bob Dylan’s Blowin’ in the Wind, another 1960’s anti-war protest song that defined that era.
Today you trembled at the roadside
32. F. Scott Fitzgeral "Tender Is The Night"
I am house sharing with Tim and Mario, and we are spending all day working together , so things had the capacity to get a little fraught. but no way, we were one happy little bunch, just laughing and joking all the way. I had so much fun as they introduced me to lots of new things. My favourite was when they taught me how to eat crab. Coming from England I was expecting it to be dressed ready to eat. Err obviously I was wrong...
NM: Sure! Would you like the chance of winning a critique of your synopsis from me? All commenters below (by Feb 15th) will be entered into the Big WAGS Competition, with chances to win a critique of your synopsis by the Crabbit Old Bat herself! One comment per person on each blog – though you can add to your chances by commenting on the other posts on the tour. Details of all stops on the tour will appear on my blog (Help! I Need a Publisher!) as they go out.
In promotion of the album, Tommy Lee embarked on a tour beginning on May 24, 2002 and ending on July 20. This features bands such as Abandoned Pools and Headstrong. He also appeared on the Rock Fest 2003 tour alongside Nickelback and Default.
Add dry ingredients to wet ingredients and stir gently, just until combined. Fold in blueberries.
100g cake flour, sifted
When the bishop showed up at the church, all of us who had spent weeks memorizing these questions and answers in case we were called were stupefied when the good bishop didn’t ask us one question, not one! Something in me gave up on the Catholic Church at that point. In fact, I announced, much to my parents’ dismay, that I didn’t want to go to church anymore. My mother was aghast; my father took it in stride. This began the years in which God (whoever I may have thought He was) took a back seat to everything else I deemed important. He was, for all practical purposes, at the bottom of my list. More truthfully, He didn’t make the list at all.
Prepare to have your eyes… stimulized. (I know that’s not a word but it sounds good doesn’t it?)
Maslow termed the highest-level of the pyramid as growth needs (also known as being needs or B-needs). Growth needs do not stem from a lack of something, but rather from a desire to grow as a person.
lightening is flashing its bolts from the sky
After a long pause, he says, watching me carefully, “No dad, but I would like to cook Modern Australian food with an Indian touch,” and he leaves it there but then adds quietly, “if I ever become a chef.”
But our commitment to getting up and on the road was justified as we rolled into the car park of the Cannop Cycle Centre at just after 9:30. Already busy and brimming with fellow mountain bikers we found ourselves a space at the end of the car park and set about unloading and necking down the important early morning coffee courtesy of the cafe.
In repsonse to Racaire's request for more project postings, I'm sharing my contrinbution to the Estrella Gift Basket.
The characters. They deserve more discussion, because my criticisms have been fairly spread out so far:
45 seconds!
Faux fur is a great way to stay warm and beat the winter style slump and with so many options from vests to collars, stoles and shawls its easy to implement faux fur into any outfit.
It's been re-furbished in the last few years to become a bright, modern, open-plan establishment with one half setup mainly for drinkers on comfy sofas & wooden tables and the other set aside for the classy food. As well as a long list of coffees, wine and bottled beer, the 'craft' beer choice was really impressive today with a great selection from Williams Brothers (Joker), Tempest (Rye PA & Into the Light), Cromarty (Red Rocker), Black Isle (Export Scotch) and Magic Rock (Curious & Carnival) with the Carnival being a really full-on citrus flavoured beer, with some caramel malt, but if anything just slightly too bitter (I don't say that too often and would probably be willing to re-consider if I have it again outside in a beer garden!). They were also promoting their Summer Wine Brewery Dinner/Food and Beer matching evening - I've never been to one of these and really must try one sometime soon. I guess The Caley really is a cutting-edge contemporary pub/bar/restaurant, with something to offer a whole range of differing clientèle - so much so that it's been deemed to be worthy of a place in the 2012/13 The List Eating and Drinking Guide to Edinburgh - congratulations!
because, our culture in impoverished when it comes to forms of
The AAI said Egypt’s favorable ratings among Americans in polls since the 1990s had been much higher – between 55-65 percent.
"This is a beautiful book, filled with hope. You'll cry and laugh along with Carley as she learns to lower her defenses enough to love—and, more surprisingly, be loved. It's a story you'll long remember." –Patricia Reilly Giff
Couscous
- Join the Styles by Danielle inworld group
I'll repeat that again: I. Do. Not. Want. To. Hear. About. It. Period.
The program of events at Grey Fox starts this Thursday, but the faithful convene at the gates early Wednesday morning. While the line-up of acts at the festival is stellar, many of us find that first “unofficial” day to be the most fun. Everyone is still fresh and— as the video clip above shows— there’s plenty of fine pickin’ to be heard by just wandering among the campers.
This is the result - do you like it?
When we play with stars, and fly in the skies,
(I did a Literature degree at university.)
We had an education fair at our homeschool co-op recently and used this project for the fair. It was a great to review all of the things we have discussed throughout the year. My son was so proud of the work he did and presented it all by himself at the education fair.
We are currently seeking book proposals that fit the description above.
I was thankful that the dough came together quickly, and even happier that all I had to do was grate it into the baking dish after 30 minutes in the freezer. I halved the recipe this time, we’re heading out for a beach vacation in a couple of weeks and don’t need the extra sweets calling my name from the countertop.
As of Friday, the sheriff had no inmates in Louisiana and just 21 elsewhere in Texas; more than 1,600 inmates had been outsourced as recently as June 2010.Grits finds this news downright incredible after being told time and time again by so many in offiicialdom how naive I was to oppose Harris County jail construction and how unrealistic it was to expect local officials to change. My position at the time was, "if you build it, they will come"; new jail construction, Grits argued, would accommodate bad policies while jail crowding forced the system's collective managers to confront them. So I'm particularly encouraged by indications that Harris County judges are now acknowledging their role in the problem and attempting to help resolve it. A defense attorney:
Seriously, without any prompting from us, Landon very carefully alternated placing the eggs he found in his and Claire's baskets. JP, whose main goal in life was to beat everyone at everything, preferred a "grab all I can before a grown-up yells at me" strategy, and I, who was more diplomatic but still mostly looked out for myself, do not know where he came from.
Dee Jackson is our challenge host this week. Dee is challenging us to watercoloring. You can use any medium for watercoloring that you like and any theme you want. Pretty simple and straight forward. Looking forward to seeing what you create with the watercolor challenge!
But a grace of god I do not rest at all
Another project to do on my list at the beginning of the year was our laundry room. I really didn't like it, making laundry is already a not so pleasant thing to do so I wanted to refresh the look of it and make it a nicer place to go to!
Maybe the best part of Fijian culture we got to experience was the lovo, the meal cooked in an earth oven. For special events and celebrations (or tourists who want to see one!), Fijians prepare a lovo. They start by digging a small hole and filling it with wood, then piling rocks on top. They build a fire and let it burn for a couple of hours, to heat the rocks. When the rocks are hot, they prepare the food — anything you can cook can go in a lovo, including fish, chicken, whole pigs (!), taro, sweet potato, taro leaves wrapped in coconut (amazing), and more.
Mommy smiled.
Notice that we are thinking about an impossible past condition. You did not win the lottery. So the condition was not true, and that particular condition can never be true because it is finished. We use the past perfect tense to talk about the impossible past condition. We use WOULD HAVE + past participle to talk about the impossible past result.
Findings of fact v setting of legal principle
The MC5: Kick Out The Jams
buy this doll, so that mommy could give it to my
I have been waiting patiently to find the right image to go with my little Haagen-Dazs popsicle sticks. We had these treats in January and I just knew if I saved the sticks that I could eventually use them on a card. I found a freebie from Pattie's Creations - must have been my lucky day!
And because of all these amazing dramas, I decided to recap 2 more dramas. Rooftop Prince and Queen In hyun’s Man.
Denise: I don’t write under a pseudonym. I considered it, but I figured with the Internet being what it is, someone would find the real me anyway.
like the sparkles from the water itself
Firstly, I’m loving Tyrion Lannister. It’s great to read about a dwarf in fantasy that isn’t actually a beard-toting, axe-wielding drunk. I have to admit, I was sceptical about the character before I got to him, mostly because I was afraid the character would be treated as a ‘special case’ and not as a normal, complete person. I have to say, I’m impressed and I’m really enjoying reading about him.
Irina Buslo, 32, New York, N.Y.
08. Jack Of All Trades
The new issue of Enchanting Creations is out, and
The train fans out nicely now. Still a bit fidgety, but I think it's because the taffeta is rather stiff. A few pounds of sequins around the hem will force it down! I also had to expand the placement of pleats at the back. Forcing them all into the space of the back width wasn't working. It just formed a funny lump over my rear.
Happy Valentine’s Day! If you are in a relationship, celebrate your love for each other. If you are waiting on someone, be bold and make a move. If you are single and waiting on God; don’t fret He sees you. He has mad love for you. And He has that person in mind. Be patient.
Oh yeah!
and lean against wishful thinking
Now, this recipe, this is easy peasy!
And while it must immediately be conceded that no mention is made of actual sexual activity between these people, it must also be pointed out that these couples had therefore made covenants with each other. And to the ancient Israelites, a covenant was viewed as a holy bond; a powerful uniting of two people.
God Bless President Ronald Reagan
It's called the Peter Principle.
“Daniel…” Lynda’s warning tone snapped him out of his mental contemplation.
Now on to my project!!!
- Awesome Awesome Butter Cream Coconut Cake
There was a girl at school who’d say
In a large soup pot on medium heat, saute the leeks in a teaspoon or two of olive oil until they are soft and translucent. (The leeks could be skipped if you want) Add the garlic, curry powder, cumin and cayenne and saute for 1 or 2 minutes until aromatic. Add roasted veggies and stir. Add 6 cups (48 ounces) of chicken or veggie broth and bring to a simmer.
Only 10 short years into the new millennium, one might be forgiven for imagining that a revolution had taken place not only in terms of new technologies but in terms of morality. Copyright has been undermined no less by a shift in attitude on the part of consumers than by the digital delivery of content; patents are increasingly regarded as the privilege of the greedy few, with the sector-specific moral argument in favour of access to healthcare being used as a stick with which to beat all patents, of whatever subject-matter. Within the sphere of brands we are now informed by learned reports commissioned by the European Union that counterfeiting is good for consumers, good for the economy, and good for brand owners. As for design, we are given to understand that it is a bar, an inhibition to the promotion of the fashion and clothing industries. Trade secrets, it is also suggested, have outlived their utility and should be limited in time.
The Tea Party movement is the modern equivalent of the American Revolution that went quite well, albeit taking some seven years to wear out the British resolve to hold onto its colonies. Within six months, the new nation had signed agreements with Great Britain to get trade going again though, in 1812, there was another disagreement involving a bit of military conflict. Since then, we have been good friends through thick and thin.
Next Logistical problem. “Daddy?? I have to go potty” Okay, easy enough, except you have two kids, and a cart with a few groceries in it. Older son starts to try and unbuckle as you try and get the last few things in that area before dashing to the bathroom. He doesn’t unbuckle, but wiggles out of the straps and you have to catch him and then get to the bathroom before he goes. Then park your carriage outside of the bathroom, get both kids out, bring them into the bathroom. Help your 3 year old, because well, he’s still not a professional, all this while holding your youngest. Then wash rinse and get back to shopping. Only to have to repeat this process again 30 minutes later.
1.In a large bowl, whip 1 1/2 cups cream with sugar until soft peaks form. In a small bowl, whisk peanut butter until soft and smooth; whisk in 1/2 cup cream until light and fluffy. Fold peanut-butter mixture into whipped cream until incorporated.
So those are just a few things I have learned during my training. I had know I’ve learned more but these are the things that keep cropping up. What did you learn when exploring birth and pregnancy? Was it reassuring or scary? Did you find consistency or was it constant contradiction like co-sleeping?
Scotty’s Brewhouse Downtown Indianapolis has just tapped Widmer Brothers Dark Saison! You can come by every Wednesday and enjoy a 48oz Pitcher of this amazing Saison for only $9.00!
Because they are taking up space and they are also stopping other people with their right to protest. I personally wish to protest about cuts to the defence budget because there's still a huge amount of work to be done in areas like Armed Forces accommodation and ensuring that troops are properly equipped and paid a decent salary. I also do not agree with cutting numbers of troops and think there should be an increase in infantry numbers.
When I feel like my kids are being too loud and annoying other people it makes me cranky with them. This makes me sad because I feel like a lot of the time we expect our kids to be adults instead of just letting them be kids. I guess I need to work on that.
Double chocolate Cake: ¾ cup butter at room temp,1 cup white sugar, 1 cup brown sugar, 4 eggs, ½ cup unsweetened cocoa, 1½ cup self raising flour, ½ tsp salt, 1 tbsp vanilla extract, ¾ cup semi-sweet chocolate chips, ½ cup chopped nuts. Bake in 9 inch square pan.
Even with the world falling apart, and the Realm threatening to bleed into my world, I take comfort in his love and kiss. For now. I take the strength he offers me, and I offer him mine.
In the American government, the government officials who are not telling
Every step taken inside the city walls of Old Jerusalem, I checked myself, aware that my foot may come to rest on one of the very same spots that Jesus, Mary, or even St. Paul stepped. Wandering through London with its contrast of modernity up against antiquity, playing the movies of the British monarchy history in my mind as I walk the grounds of Westminster Abbey or Tower Hill, it’s in a split second of heightened awareness that I know that while I have been chasing, tracking down happiness, it was my happiness that actually found me.
(3) I would actually trace it back even earlier than that, maybe even to the 1920s in the U.S. and as early as the 1890s in Germany, but the evidence is scarse for such an assertion.
Now I’m on the hunt for those modern chairs, studded preferably. I saw some BEAUTIFUL ones from Z Gallerie yesterday but way out of my price range. I’m going to stalk them for sales.
Several people have asked me for easy, healthy recipes. I'm kind of a wing-it person, so I'm always on the look-out for good websites or books to help with quick, easy cooking. I found one that's definitely a keeper. Simple Food for Busy Families: The Whole Life Nutrition Approach is a fabulous resource with step-by-step instructions on how to turn your family's bad eating habits around. The first half of the book addresses everything from getting enough sleep to why it makes sense to eat seasonal food. Each section gives practical tips on how to implement changes slowly in your family's routine so that eventually you're eating better and feeling better.
I don't know what to want or wish for in 2012, but I would like the fear, anger, worry, and general negative vibes that permeate the world right now to subside. I would like joy, peace, stability.
Location: White Oak Road to Trestik Road
Historically, evangelicals have elected to ease the tension between being and becoming in favor of becoming. Some evangelicals have accepted this resolution, declaring war on Barth’s theology, and other evangelicals also have accepted this resolution, seeking peace between orthodoxy and modernity. Are these legitimate dichotomies; must we choose between orthodoxy and capitulation to modernity?
If there’s one thing I’ve learnt though, it’s that all the images you see in the media are ridiculous. You know the type; the celebrities that have had a baby two weeks previously and are back in the gym, or in a bikini on the beach being idolised for returning to a size zero so quickly. It’s dangerous, damaging, and completely unnatural.
Click on the above painting to see it in all it’s glory. “The Garden Of Earthly Delights” is one of the most fasinating commissioned alter pieces of it’s time. Below is the seldom viewed outside panels which are only visable when the it is closed up.
After sitting through three twenty minute periods and ruefully noting the miserable state of my tailbone area, I concluded that hockey, like so many other sports, is way too long. Give me the first twenty minutes and I’m satisfied. The next twenty minutes I’m thinking about those nachos at concessions I should have gotten and the bathroom break I should have taken. The last twenty minute period, I’m usually listening in on other people’s conversations around me and speculating on the amount of time I can continue to torture my bladder before I make a scene. You can all relax, I made it through.
Funny, as awful as that place was, now that it's nigh on 20 years later, it seems only like the BEST FUN EVER. Just for one night, I'd like to be that goofy 20-21 year-old with some of my best buds in the world, knowing that I wasn't hip but having a really fun time pretending to be. I think that, honestly, is my secret self; the one inside the soccer mom who cuts coupons to stretch the paychecks. Sometimes, she burns a little on the inside.
For almost two years, Kiran Cheema has been volunteering for the Red Cross Violence & Abuse Prevention Program, RespectED. The grade 12 student and aspiring medical school student from Surrey, BC is an enthusiastic peer facilitator for the Beyond the Hurt bullying prevention program which is offered in schools. In this program, older students educate younger students about bullying, with a focus on teaching students how they can intervene. “I have seen a difference and a change with the younger students in my school,” says Kiran, which has motivated her to take a more active role in the program.
I will put together a plan for the splits etc soon! For now my focuses are on creating some good healthy eating and exercising habits, writing my CV and starting a job hunt, continuing to write my book and create things as the mood takes me.
This happened because 40% of workers needed to harvest Georgia’s crops in the last year were not there to do the work. The accustomed agricultural pickers did not show up because they were not hired because of bad law, or the workes were afraid of the consequences of showing up and risking deportation.
Still, we wondered if the theatre of the absurd being acted out in Moscow might veer towards tragedy, as precedent would suggest. And we wondered whether we’d soon be headed home instead of East.
So the long conservative preoccupation with individual liberty is as central as ever. Critics can and do dismiss advocacy of liberty by rightly observing that there is no such thing as absolute liberty. Liberty of one kind implies constraint of another kind. My liberty to enjoy my life constrains your liberty to murder me, for instance. Such dilemmas can generate much windy discussion among theorists but for conservatives theories are unimpressive. They look instead to tradition and experience to decide just which freedoms are practicable, beneficial and widely desired and supported. They decide what mix of freedoms to support by reference to the laboratory of history. And in the full version of the speech excerpted above President Bush does just that -- turning to American traditions and history to both define and justify the sort of freedom he is advocating.
We've joined a CSA again this year, so that feels like a good balance of what we'd like to have on our land, knowing that we'll also get yummy local veggies from a local organic farm. :)
"Riverdance: Not in our name! You do not represent us!" cries Raymond Deane (from 2:20).
Taking his lumps,
I have a fear of heights.
so, whaddImiss?
Before we get down to business I have a family favorite to share with you today. My family loves Mexican food and this is an easy weeknight dinner. The leftovers the next day are even better, and my family is not one for leftovers.
always disassembling your toys
Information first
Beg you baby, please
But I am hanging in there
Those are profound statements that truly do preach humility and compassion and revive faith in the New Testament.
“Peak, Intrepid, same thing.” We were confused. “Peak owns Intrepid in South America. They changed their name last year. So we call it Peak now.”
putt all the fruits together in a saucepan, add 1 cup pf water, 3-4 tbsf sugar, a pinch of salt and stew covered for 15 min. You will see it turning jamish in a short time. Add water if it sticks. But you do want a bit of stickiness. It is a jam after all. Keep mashing till you get a jam like consistency.
Make lemon syrup: In a small saucepan, bring 1/4 cup sugar, lemon juice, and 1/4 cup water to a boil over medium heat, stirring to dissolve sugar. Let cool completely, then brush over both sides of cake slices. Quarter each slice.
As you know we have already announced officially that we are finally expecting our first child after waiting and trying for almost three years. I also wanted to just give a brief story of finding out about our miracle and the journey it took to get there.
it’s shounen and shoujo with a lot of comedy and the story is hilarious so if you love a good fun read, this is for you.
Some people take their gym clothes to the gym in a backpack and change when at the gym and then change out before going home. By doing this, they are allowing the disease causing germs to have a place to rest and regenerate. There are also those who wear their gym clothes back home. These people are spreading the organisms to their car, to their home, and anywhere else, they happen to go while in them.
FY 2006 – $629 billion
Some think this "viral" campaign by Bud Light for the Bud Light Lime cans is clever or funny. It's not. Not clever. Not funny. Not entertaining. I like dude-rtising. I think the majority of ads targeted to men are funny. Bud Light ads were always funny on the verge of stupid, but this is just flat out retarded. If you had dropped in a line about getting it in the can ONCE, that could have been funny. Repeated over and over, it's not. I think Jonathan over at the Pitch got it right - it 100% reminds me of the movie Idiocracy.
The sad part is, why not before? Why let it get this far? Why allow Gingrich to scrape and claw at Romney in the death of a thousand cuts?
And it's so freaking cute in person. The lamp shade on the outside is solid, so when its off it's just that burlap showing...but when you turn it ON....
“That was the only time I spent with my parents at Taos Pueblo,” she said. “I moved to Taos 10 years ago and it’s so extraordinary to be there on Christmas Eve.”
When one considers this was written in 1870, then the author's prescience is as mystifying as it is astounding. The protagonist is one Tom Hill, a huntsman, who gets split up from the rest of the hunt, and encounters an old, grey fox. As the title suggests, he's rather a prophetic one, too:
So jump to 2008 -- what, you thought I was going to do a complete history of the character? That isn't really supposed to be the point of these posts, so maybe some other time. For now I'm just focusing on highlights.
Mission: RAK
There seems to be a subtle shift in RFG's broadcasts. Though they're still focusing on laying the blame on Maurice, the attention is turning from what happened on the 19th to what could happen in the next few days. By attempting to reassure the outside world that the situation is under control and it's business as usual, they're clearly trying to head off what looks to be inevitable now. Some kind of military intervention.
I guess I'm not must of an adventurist these days either.
Psychopaths can and will lie about many things, even those things you or I would not waste time lying about. Lying can often be uncovered through the many inconsistencies in their 'story' as it evolves over the course of a coaching engagement. If you tape record your sessions, try to follow their patter as it twists and turns in response to your questions and challenges. At some point, it no longer sounds like resistance, but rather game playing. While the psychopath will talk a good game about integrity and honesty, his or her behaviors will speak of pathological lying.
Two other people, including Isalgue’s 13-year-old daughter, were in the apartment. The others were not injured.
It's not much yet, but stay tuned! HAHA Get it?
There are loads of dreams I have for our house and they feel more achievable now we have the new kitchen. It might take another 10 years (or more) before they're all realised, but if we can just achieve one a year that's good.
A: We were supposed to be leaving today! However, due to complications caused by the recent snowstorm, we will now be leaving next week.
I have been working as a freelance writer and artist for the last decade. In that time, I've done everything from ghostwriting to toy design and everything in between. I am currently working on a novel series called 'Myth' which has held my attention for the past sixteen years. I have spent my time developing the world, character and story and am now ready to funnel all the preliminary material into the manuscript of the first installment, 'of Men and Monsters'
Why is it that anti-tax folks presume that the correct level for our national enterprise is even lower than the faultless private sector can achieve?
Thursday, today, we get to enjoy a much needed day off! We will head to Ocho Rios and visit the straw market to shop and climb Dunn's River Falls. We have been saving a lot of money by eating PBJ sandwhiches every night so we will be eating good today!
But, the cost of operating specific units varies widely. The most important cost driver comes from the cost of hiring and maintaining security staff, and the actual architecture of prisons creates staffing differences. In general, prisons built around the turn of the century (1880's-1920's) were built of stone, and have blind corners, nooks and crannies, and lack centralized cell-block pods which allow surveillance of living spaces from a central guard station, etc. A second cost driver arises from specialized services such as extensive medical, psychiatric or other treatment services. The second set of cost drivers is difficult to analyze from the outside because the agency does not report these costs separately from security costs. That said, some units cost $21+ per day/per inmate more to operate than the state's average operations costs.
Surkin – White Knight (Jackson & His Computer Band Remix)
GET BACK TO ME WITH THE PAYMENT INFORMATION.
How long the fuse, and in turn ... how big the boomski? Or how many (boomski's). Or how widespread, how prevalent.
Having left Chala to fanny about in shops with Thangor I headed off on a quest to avoid hearing any football scores, whilst also drinking to keep the thoughts at bay. Choice one, at midday, didn't herald any scores but did at least prove a poor idea in terms of avoiding Football details.
The two airports were numbers four and five, respectively, on the bad list. The magazine tore into JFK for its long check-in lines, and Newark for cleanliness issues.
you see, this is still a learning process for me.
After those hours I was able to distill the brief down to one short, clauseless sentence. Not a 37 word sentence. A short, honest sentence. My partner and I then had something workable to work from. The only thing left to do that point was to take that single sentence and find a way to be creative with it.
“You care to justify this action?” He glowers at me, “I can’t say I am eager to leave my daughter in the middle of nowhere because of some fit of insanity.”
And then the editor’s brain climbed out of her ear and ran down the corridor to the literary fiction department, where someone looked at it funny and trod it into the carpet.
Megan Abbott has done something few of us can dream of. She’s taken everything we know about noir fiction and re-framed it in a world almost alien to the genre. She has imbued it with a command and grace that compels while meeting our expectation of entering the dark and forbidding places of the human psyche.
Info on the Halloween Parade on Albemarle to come.
Trying to limit my consumption of red meat during National Burger Month isn't the easiest undertaking. However, I've found a way to trick my stomach and palate. Behold the wonder that is.. The Red Robin Turkey Burger!
TM: one of the best things about winning space-elections is watching people like you howl in frustration ^_^
1. Your full name
He also challenged the congregation to ask themselves if there were any places in their lives that God Himself had to act… places where if He doesn’t act, everything will fall apart… places where He can use your life to prove His power and His glory. For me, that place is this entire season. I HATE change. There is nothing that frightens me more than the thought of fundraising and financial instability. But when God is clearly leading me to move, change, and grow, I desire to run toward His call.
Have a solid
All unaware of what was too unfold.
- Queries with more than one agent listed in the "To" field
Of what to keep and what to purge
Preheat oven to 375*. Prepare cookies sheet by laying parchment paper on it.
V6 is also fascinating: (From the ESV Study Bible) “From Antioch in Pisidia, Paul and Timothy travel far northward, and then westward. Natural human wisdom would have led them to think they should preach the gospel in all the cities that they passed through, but instead the Holy Spirit directed them on a 400-mile journey by foot to Troas. They must have had a strong sense of the Spirit’s direct guidance and concluded that he would guide others to preach the gospel in the northern regions of Asia.”
Oil mini muffin tins well. Put a pinch grated cheese into each muffin cup, a teaspoon of zucchini mixture, and pinch of chopped fresh basil. Pour 1 tablespoon of the batter into each muffin cup.
My oh-so-clever title comes from a bit in This Is Spinal Tap. One of the fictional band’s early incarnations was called The Originals. But the name was taken, so the band changed its name to The New Originals. That little joke best sums up how I would describe those artists that find that sweet spot between sounding unique but borrowing heavily from the past.
That's all! Good luck!
It's things like this that make me really love the stage they are in right now. Too darn cute!
8:30 am – noon Registration, Book Exhibit open until 4 pm (not open on Sunday).
Soon I'll put up a list of what I've been doing, lately - enough to start my own Home Improvement Channel. But for now . . . a video of one of my favorite things of 2011, filmed on and behind our block.
Unsure of how to answer, he got a “oh, that’s nice!” from me. I shot Dan a “help me” look that didn’t get received. I was on my own with this one.
The White Horse of the White Horse Vale
In the small town of Angel Grove, California, five teenagers from the local high school have encountered a powerful entity calling itself Zordon. This being claims that a great evil is preparing to make war on the people of Earth, and that only by combining their courage with his advanced technology can she be stopped.
And it remained that way until one day in college when I learned that my perfect Midwestern town was a hotbed for the Klu Klux Klan, and home to three John Birch Society chapters and that during the height of the civil rights marches, town fathers were on the roofs of the Elks and the Moose lodges on opposite ends of town with rifles and shotguns waiting for those people to try to march into our town. The Norman Rockwell façade began to fade away as the realities of the underbelly of my perfect town were exposed.
Fight-wise, it's Iron Man, The Vision, The Beast and The Wasp vs. The Hulk, with Scarlet Witch, Captain America, Hawkeye and Jarvis making appearances around the mansion. As with the first issue, it's another fine throwback issue to a particular era, although with Fiumara's more highly idiosyncratic art—cartoony head shapes, long limbs and necks, expressive, slightly pinched faces—it doesn't visually reference its era of inspiration, and does a good job of looking very different than all the other comics on the shelf with the word "Avengers" in the title.
The fact that we are seeing similar trends here is reason to be more than concerned, as they say, where America leads Britain will follow, we already share spiralling levels of ethnic crime, together with a government and a media which seeks to hide the true figures. At the moment this is a much safer country than America, partly due to different gun laws, but, as we see daily on our news screens, more and more guns are finding their way onto the streets, and they are being used. With mass immigration that can only increase. How long will it be before we share more with America than a special relationship?.
but I was determined to find out.
basilico
And Hey, Still giving thanks after all these years!
There will be hops available, however you must keep in mind that it may not be the hop that you normally use. I have been talking about a shortage in the making for the last couple of years. Even though I have stated this, I still am taken aback at how great this shortage appears to be. I also see the potential for this to last for a few years, as so many acres have been pulled out, around the world, due to poor prices in the past."
(P.S I am going to see Journey 2: The Mysterious Island, this weekend. I might go with my friend Kenya. Her mom said yes but her dad still can’t decide. If not I will have to find someone! I don’t know who though? Thanks for Reading.) –Dylan
Sometimes a pen name is used because an author believes that his name does not suit the genre he is writing in. I find this reason very strange. What do names have to do with genres. A reader would pick a book depending on the blurb or review and not because he/she liked the sound of the author’s name.
Today..I made the decision to start the search. I sifted through pages and pages online and contacted a company called Batshaw (who was NOT very helpful).
1) Go for “Organic, always, as much as one can afford. 100% would be ideal.
Now, when the terrorist ideology of the radical left is combined with the effects of crony capitalism, we have a much more fertile environment for orchestrated social unrest than at any other time in history. Add to that an elected president with a communist heritage who launched his political career in the Ayers/Dohrn household, the timing is anything but coincidental, and the path to chaos should be quite clear.
His actions, which would culminate in the Tiananmen protests three years later though he never formally participated in them, led him and his wife to take refuge at the US embassy.
Okay sweets!
and groovy embellishments too!
RELEASE DATE: August 17, 2012
Happy Friday all!! What a beautiful couple days we've had here in Northern Minnesota! I was able to get outside for just a bit and I can't believe how nice all my perennials are coming up. I love this time of the year when things are really taking off and flowers are starting to bloom. How's you weather where you are?
The Albany Times-Union, in an 8/25/04 editorial headlined "And now, the cover-up," wrote:
I got up at the buttcrack of dawn to tend to Mom before starting Day 3 of my new job. I arrived to find a gargantuan mess. Her bed was wet and soiled, she was wet and soiled, the floors were wet and soiled. I set water running, and stepped out of my sweater and blouse, to keep from making a mess of my own clothes, and got Mom into the shower. I settled her in warm jammies with a cup of tea, then stripped beds, started laundry, washed floors, cleaned carpets. Then I raced out the door to try to get to work on time.
May’s looking pretty good, chicks, the way it’s stretching out in front of me.
EDIT: I see now that, in addition to the PTF post mentioned by Deek, that this video was mentioned in the December 2011 issue of ETC (which I just got to read last evening). So, well done, Typosphere. Sorry I missed it.
She wants to expose Sam! How evil!
wrong. When I was 11 she moved back and wanted to see us more. I was
Well, my second last post was about how a sudden visit to the local national park can throw a good photography opportunity. Dear first timers here’s the link for that post in case you are confused.
Ribbons
Today is one of those days too.
When I read Lord of The Rings when I was 12 one of my favourite Monsters was Shelob. I’m not sure why she always fascinated me but perhaps, Illes hits the nail on the head with this description:
So I spent most of last week in New York City. My husband was going down to do some photography so we went a few days earlier to spend some time in the city. I only got one outfit post the entire time I was there.
A few weeks later they were on the phone again. “How’s it going?” enquired the father. “Great!” his son replied. “My work is good, the kids are fine, my wife and I are getting on famously and the dog is fully recovered.” So the father said, “Don’t worry, it will pass, it will pass.”
As always, I'll be posting the story in a blog-friendly multipart format. And now, the first installment of
REVAMPED VERSION (2/16/09)
Joslyn was a good hand; Helicopter Dan was right about that. Hard working, knowledgeable and gifted, he was exactly what the doctor ordered despite my despair over parting with our hard earned cash money. Joslyn was a breath of fresh air that was most welcomed by two weary people who were both filled with worry and exhaustion. In no time at all Kurt and Joslyn had all of the fencing up around the land except in the front area where we needed to keep it open for John’s big trucks and the trucks that would eventually arrive with our modular home ready for delivery. But the storage locker pasture was completely closed in now and had its lovely pasture gates hung expertly so that they closed perfectly and stayed latched, didn’t swing back open like I had seen on other property. It was comforting to witness the progress now, with sore eyes that needed cleansing by good news and the pretty picture of our land taking shape in the form of a home. Well, the promise of a home, eventually.
Kerryn Phelps, AM, was the first female president of the Australian Medical Association (AMA) where she fought for many public health and social issues. Known through her work as a health journalist, she and her wife Jackie Stricker-Phelps have worked for legal equality for same-sex relationships since their marriage in New York in 1998. Prof. Phelps was honoured in the 2011 Queens Birthday honours list, being made Member of the Order of Australia for ‘service to medicine, particularly through leadership roles with the Australian Medical Association, to education and community health, and as a general practitioner’.
I'm not Catholic, but from what I understand, Mardi Gras is an opportunity for Catholics to eat all the fattening foods they can before the beginning of Lent (which starts tomorrow, Ash Wednesday). But for midwesterners we also think of Fat Tuesday as Paczki Day! Growing up, I thought eating paczkis was the way everyone acknowledged Fat Tuesday, but it turns out it's a bit more of a midwestern thing, due to the large Polish communities in the midwest. So in case you've never heard of them before, paczkis are a polish donut and just thinking about them makes your butt grow two sizes.
Corruption and lack of understanding of REAL values in wasting money on things like cigars much like 100K luxury handbags or 150K champagnes while 99% of the population starves, is partly why the Manchu led Qing Manchu minority led Dynasty led China to the 1911 colonization situation.
My experience is that if you talk too much about a projected book, you are much less likely to actually write it. Still, I will tell you this much: I am working on a third Zan-Gah book. It is in the dreaming stage right now. Whenever I get an idea, small or large, I write it down on a card. I will arrange the cards later. The story continues with Dael's self-imposed exile, as he seeks some sort of redemption or resolution of his life. He will go to live with the crimson people (introduced already in Zan-Gah and the Beautiful Country). I think I will call it Dael and the Painted People. But first I have to write it.
Cooper’s Hawk 1
I want to know!
music making in the form of an online collaborative DAW... All in real time!
I’m astounded by people who have unquestionable faith, how bright it is for some of those people to see what others aren’t able to see, and yet how very often it is so bright that it completely blinds them to anything else.
The Stolen Bride: Tor/Forge hardcover, April 2012, 344 pages, cover art by Steve Stone. Tony Hays is an international journalist who also writes historical mysteries. The Stolen Bride is the fourth in his series of mysteries during the days of King Arthur. But the books are not fantasies——Hays assumes the Arthur legends were based on real people and places his stories in a historically accurate early medieval setting.
It's a decent set, I'll admit. But it wasn't that great. It was just OK. Not a great design, but not bad by any means. I still think the making-photos-look-like-paintings thing wore out its welcome a few years ago, in my opinion. (Perhaps the case with A&G, but that's for a different post.)
I thought I didn’t get it. Unfortunately, I do now. The way the Republican Presidential primary is shaping up, it is becoming clear that America is not about personal freedom. If President Obama is defeated in November, we will establish that America probably is not about redistribution of wealth, at least not the way the Democratic and Socialist idealists look at it. So I guess it's about power. We will continue to be ruled by those who have the most to gain from holding power.
My sweet husband surprised me on my birthday with a surprise card shower! Bless his heart, he packed 78 cards and over 50 email into his suitcase without me knowing it and the morning of my birthday made me breakfast and called me in and there they all were! I was completely surprised, which is very tough to pull off! I felt so much love and shed lots of tears. I am the most blessed woman on the planet, that's for certain.
“And he trembling and astonished said, Lord, what wilt thou have me to do?”
"We had a moment," she says and turns to press the button to the ground floor.
Though, really, I expect for neither to actually go for it. They make money from software sales, and nobody’s going to buy software that’s overpriced, especially if they’re tied to one system. I know I’d end up having to get two of the system because I might be moving out soon and my brothers and I share games, so it would cause extra, unnecessary trouble. As such, whoever does this loses my money, and I buy a lot of games. Not that just my wallet will have any significant effect, but yeah.
My hometown of Vesta 120 miles to the west, along with nearby Wabasso, Wanda and Wood Lake, also made the modified hours list.
I know you need so much love
I’m not going to take for granted the food.
We in the British Freedom Party though are the first party to offer sensible, moderate and principled nationalist policies whilst being firmly determined to reverse the wrongs of the past forty years.
Donkey Kong Country 3 (GBA)
trials and tribulations
“This gives hope to thousands of farmers who are continually being oppressed, that they too can dream to one day own the land they till,” he added.
This is definitely my favorite transformation. So thankful for all of the inspiration and great ideas throughout the 21 Day Organizational Challenge!
Conservatives need to understand just how their cynical game was played in this case and find effective countermeasures against any future use of it.
Apart from the scheduled venues there'll be tons going on all over the site.
I’m sure there are plenty of good people who work for this piece of shit company. But I’m only human. And really, when your job requires you to flush your integrity down the toilet like this:
It should be a fabulous (and raucous!) weekend - gird your loins Petit Villagers - the Aussies are on their way!
*Flower Beauty Bloom- original die- 10.00
-Life in general
Along with climate, economy plays a role in Italian cooking. Another staple in Italy older than pasta and pizza is polenta. It is commonly used today, but long agone it was pop among the poor in Italy. Polenta was easy to make and prepare in Italy.
Some girls start in life with the idea that to snub the opposite sex is the surest way of bringing it to their feet. All such imaginings are vain! A man may be amused by the coquettish impertinences of a girl, he may even be attracted by it to a certain extent, but in the end he feels repulsion, and unless it be the exception that proves the rule, hastens away presently to lay his name and fortune at the disposal of some more modest girl.
Can't Buy Me Love?
At the time of the burglary, I had 2 keys. One to the front door and one to the rape gate.
Level 4: Mastery: +57%, Weapon ATT: +4, Minimum Critical Damage: +2%.
Our mothers bear us for pain and for death; *
-Punk follows but this backfires on Jericho in the ring.
I was investigating Heizo Takenaka – but they all go back to the same cabal.
1) They may actually need to look younger in a competitive work place.
*859 *D-V/22(B)/1983. “Dante – as Traveller and as Artist.” Works of the Mind Lecture Series, The Basic Program, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-2001(6) above, pp. 240-61.)
My grandparents lived a long, healthy life. They lived on the country side and when I was young they had animals on the farm. When they got old they kept growing their own vegetables, but gave up the livestock. They both worked hard which gave their bodies plenty of exercise. They ate simple, home cooked, organic food and very little processed junk. And they went to bed relatively early to rise with the sun in the morning.
Meigs Creek trail dead-ends at Buckhorn Gap where it meets the Meigs Mountain and Lumber Ridge trails. I stopped for a quick break and a snack before turning around to head back to the car. Sitting there enjoying my snacks I looked up to see the sun filtering through the trees. It was just plain gorgeous!
And Joseph also went up from Galilee, out of the city of Nazareth, into Judea, unto the city of David, which is called Bethlehem; (because he was of the house and lineage of David:)
Here’s the site and NO I am NO part of it in ANY way, shape or form:
This President’s Day – Monday, February 21st – many children will be off of school and moms will be searching for kid-friendly activities. Spark Energy in Chicago will be offering a downloadable coupon for a FREE session of jumping fun atdesignated Chicago-area Pump It Up locations.
First, a teeny tiny bit of housekeeping, namely that I have started a humor blog and if you are so inclined to check it out, you may visit it here.
I still have a cell phone two versions earlier than the razor. Yea, it flips open, but not in the hip-flip-phone-kind-of way. I don’t own an iPod, or even a decent pair of headphones. I don’t have a Twitter account. Blogging is probably the most technologically-advanced thing I do all day (Sorry, it’s been a while. Don’t you hate when all of your posts have to contain apologies?), and it took me years to start a blog. I was the pitiful classmate always waiting for a tech-savior during glitches in my PowerPoint presentation.
They abandoned the God who made them and rejected the Rock their Savior. Deuteronomy 32:15
It’s approximately 12:23AM and it’s officially my fifth monthsary 23 minutes ago and we ended up having a tiff. Just after one problem was settled, another one comes in. How do I juggle between my relationship, my friends as well as my studies? Note that I didn’t put in my family in this although they play a big role in my life but just for once, I don’t want family matters to get in the way. I am the kind of person that always push people away when they are trying to be nice probably due to past horrible events and I tend to be very careful.
head on over to the new site and check it out! there are a lot of great new features! the new home will also involve a few changes. while i’ll still be posting photos of the day as well as my other daily features, i really hope to introduce more crafty tutorials, before & after projects, and free downloads for all to enjoy.
“You knew what to look for,” he said quietly.
Slivers of sunlight
So I love searching through the “Plant infirmary” to see the sick/dying plants for sale, because most of the time they are reduced over 50%, and once they are planted in soil and watered, they get better and grow very nicely. Most of the plants I get are under $2.
A young boy snuggling into his Mum
· You must have a blog and Facebook account and update it regularly each week including posts about projects you’ve created from the kit, design tips etc. We ask that you also have links to our site on your blog and any other sites you are involved with where allowable.
And walk away.
The Preamble of the Constitution is considered part and parcel of the Constitution
I'll have one more post when my distress markers come in. See I have something to look forward to.
Dogs, these days, are all we do. We walk them and feed them and hover to grab them (her) before they (she) can pee in the house, and we stand in the back yard and watch them and hover to grab them (her) before she can wriggle underneath the fence and escape.
But going out of state isn't an option for everyone. L'Ailee's uncle had given us money as a wedding gift, and I chipped in more from selling my truck, which was more of a liability than an asset in New York. So we were able to reserve the big conference/banquest room at the bed and breakfast, to make the trip, to help people we loved with their plane tickets. Our wedding wasn't particularly lavish, but we can't replicate it anytime soon. Her best friend, a cabbie, could only afford to take a day trip. My best friend, a chef, couldn't get time off for a honeymoon. We know other working-class same-sex couples would have a real struggle with expenses, especially if they're senior citizens or raising children. I'm glad that same-sex couples in New York now have the ability to go to their own city hall or place of worship.
4 cups flour
4. Bake cookies together
In this reality, certain people have what are called Skills and these Skills have led to the rise of two crimes bosses in “the City”. It was very mafia-esque in this dog-eat-dog world where allegiances collide quite spectacularly at times. I love the idea that a tattoo on your arm could bind you so tightly to a syndicate that any attempt to go against your boss’s orders would result in your body killing itself. Certainly a very bleak image of life though I have no doubts that this is what organised crime would become in such a world.
is a matter of letters,
Click on the Thumbnails to Buy the Kit.
a lonely, wooded place
To encourage conversion to Islam, several thousand ringgit are rewarded to the religious person who can convert and marry an Orang Asli woman. He is also given perks like a 4WD and housing. Yet, we are outraged when Malays dine with non-Malays and discuss charitable works. Umno feels insecure when Muslims socialise with non-Muslims.
I love Mister BS. Our relationship is not uncomplicated, and like any couple, we sometimes disagree or upset one another. But I can’t imagine life without him or a better partner for me.
Realistic crime show based in L.A. It’s based on the files of the L.A. County Sheriff’s Office. Sheriff Barrett (Richard Travis) and his crew chase down the bad guys. At the end of each show, real life Sheriff Eugene Bissculuce shows up. He wants the viewers to know the portrayals of police methods are accurate. Considering the other cop shows of the era this one was pretty dull.
There are choices, every day, that we make, determining how we handle these things.
Pages: 343
Of ignorance and
Can there truly be love after death?
I have an until-now unarticulated but dormant beer resolution for 2010 to actually drink a few German beers and try and develop some level of expertise on the great ones. I’m not a lager guy, but I totally love the hefeweizen, the dunkel weizen and even the hardcore eisbock, and I truly need to drink more of the original masters and less of the American copycats in order to get the proverbial big picture – and have fun whilst doing so. To that end, I ordered a SCHNEIDER WEISSE “ORIGINAL” the other evening at Café Biere. They had this beer listed as “ORIGINAL AMBER”, and that’s certainly fair since that’s its color, but this is rich, delicious dark hefeweizen all the way.
* We met Beverley Paine, who in Australia is a home ed pioneer and veteran, ideas person and somewhat of a guru, especially in Natural Learning. She has also perfected the art of inspiring and building up people's confidence.
Some background: The Soviet conquest of Central Asia only really took off after the various inept and insane White Generals had been dispatched to the four corners of emigration, execution, incarceration or promotion.
*Riot’s janitor walks by holding a large sack.*
Have a wonderful day and thank you for taking the time to stop by my blog!!!
I really enjoyed combining these two challenges and have pulled papers together to make a set of cards inspired by both! They will make a great hostess gift or a wonderful addition to my card stash!
Five spices Foie Gras ($14++)
4. PAUL, with his favourite camera.
The good news is that the iSeries, when preparing sql statements, is doing an explain plan and logs it’s advised indexes in a system tables. But all advised indexes aren’t good to create, may be you can reuse an existing one by re-phrasing your sql statement. So we had to list advised indexes and existing one for each table, take a look at the number of times the index was advised,…
“Aerospace is a pretty exciting field,” says David Zingg, director of the University of Toronto Institute of Aerospace Studies. “You have to be someone who is on the cutting edge, someone who has creativity, curiosity and also someone who has rigour and the fundamentals.”
Mine anger was kindled against the shepherds, and I punished the goats: for the LORD of hosts hath visited his flock the house of Judah, and hath made them as his goodly horse in the battle.
I'm a hopeless romantic, and yet I have to tell you that this moment in chick-flick history was about as cheesy as a two-topping pizza. But cheesy or not it's one of those famous lines that won't soon be forgotten.
2) Add in onions,spring onion,chillies,salt and 1 egg.
An American friend much younger than me said – when I first spotted Obama’s star quality in 2007 – “this guy can charm the ass off a Goddamned elephant”, and he was right. Barack Obama had and has star quality thanks to his looks, build, immaculate dress-sense, and amazing gift for oratory. But I have always seen him as the black Blair – perfect in form, and devoid of content. He told us towards the end of his stay that we were the best and closest of America’s allies. He said the same thing to the French last year. And tonight (Saturday) he has said the same thing to the Poles.
Maria , Kathrin and Anita
So if you ask "Are you so excited to see Ruthie?" and I respond with a "yeah" followed by a few standard statements, and then quickly change the subject; it's not that I'm not happy to see her. I am. But as soon as I think about seeing her, I think about leaving her. And that makes me emotional, and I'm not a fan of getting emotional in front of people - because someone might try to hug me and I go stiff as a board when people try to hug me. Unless it's Ben. Or Eli. Or my parents. Or a handful of friends that are super comfortable with hugging. I know, I'm a weirdo.
Today, according to the nurse and Chris who has been up there already, they’re both doing good. Still on the 3.0L flow, but Colton has been lower on his oxygen and hasn’t had any real spells. The speech pathologist (who I had no idea does eating readiness checks in the preemie world) came in for her consult at noon to see if they are ready to feed. Shockingly, Colton did better with her tests which I guess include muscle tone of the mouth, sucking on the binky, etc… They also fed him 17mL through a bottle and he did well – a few sips and then a few breaths. He was much better “coordinated” was the term they used. Keltie was a little more disjointed – she was forgetting the breathing part but she still managed to take down 13mL. The speech pathologist will be back on Saturday, so we’re going to make sure we’re up there for that so we can meet her and learn more about everything. I believe they’re hoping to start trying one bottle a day for them soon – which is super exciting!
For the cockpit, I’ve fitted some Ergon GR2 ‘biokork’ grips. I had a play with these grips at the London bike show earlier in the year and was sold. They feel very comfortable in the hand and I’m looking forward to piling on many miles with them. They were a bit of a fiddle to install, as you need to ensure the end of the bar sits in the metal clamp (integral to the bar ends on my model) and this required quite a bit of persuasion.
Then I hot glued the bottom of the tree to the Tea light holders, then filled with layers of gravel using more hot glue and pressing each layer of stones well into the glue, this then holds the tree upright
The age of communication, Internet, Media is moving so fast that trends, culture and we as human beings have completely transformed ourselves in past few decades. We are able to perceive generation gap within 1-2 years. We have gone from studying computers to studying from computers. From wanting to communicate to wanting to hide. The changes are just so many and they are at all the levels. For people who were born before 1970 the changes are much more difficult and visible. But the interesting part is that for kids born in this century, change is part of life.
I hope you will have time to join in with our new challenge and visit the Ribbon Girl online store - we're always adding new products and are happy to send tiny samples if you need to match up a colour or lace pattern.
Also I made this corner bookmark a little while ago but never posted here, using 'Lili stuffed Bunny' thought it would make a great Easter gift. This was also for the Crafty Ribbons Easter Challenge, using their ribbons. This store is based in the UK, the staff are just wonderful and there is a HUGE selection of ribbons!!! Gorgeous buttons which I have just won some on their Friday Freebie last week. This is a link to their blog they have lots of fun going on Friday Freebies as well as Ribbon Tutorials This is a link to their store.
Here’s a question – do you have a cheat day? A day where you can just have what you like? I have one meal, usually Friday night where I buy 6 pork dumplings from the Co-op Deli. They’re made by Wok and Grill and I really enjoy them warmed up with some Thai Spring Sauce.
Carolyn, who writes the blog Daniel's Gift, sent me some photos of her son Daniel and the iPad they received as one of our pair of Mission 2 Recipients. Carolyn timed the iPad to give it to Daniel for his 13th birthday. She wrote a bit about it on one of her posts about the birthday itself, and she shared this with us as well.
The fact that it takes place in the late Victorian era helps a lot with scary points. No electricity, no phones, no bridges and above all… no ghost-hunters. With the aid of candles and stupidity Arthur (Radcliffe) starts to unravel a deadly tale of insanity, murder and disaster.
Fuck the dumb shit.
Looking down at her
impeccable literary and media counter culture taste.
America Patchworks is collecting 1,000,000 through local quilting stores to give to needy and hurting children & adults. The store in Bluffton IN is one of the stores you can take pillowcases in to, and they will get them to the organizations. I took in 3 the other week that I had laying around my sewing area.
Phil Jones and Chris Smalling could both step in, while Ferguson may also opt to reinforce his midfield with either Ryan Giggs, Tom Cleverley or Park Ji-sung at the expense of a wide player or Danny Welbeck.
Write-cache mode : Enabled (write-back)
If you have any questions, please just ask, someone will know the answer or will find out real fast. You are now among family and friends.
And for a snack or a sweet treat after dinner I tried these Healthy No Bake Energy Balls. These definitely satisfied that "need for a sweet" that I tend to have after dinner. They really tasted like a guilt free version of cookie dough.
Okay, so I've been gone since late September, and I feel like I should probably tell you all where I've been. First, I had school, which I already explained. I was officially a college graduate on December 15th. We went out for Chipotle burritos to celebrate. I thought I'd rest over the Christmas break, then hit writing head on in January, along with hitting the treadmill (I haven't been on a work out regiment since before I got married, and all that busy college food has not done good things).
On the Friday, I had to take the car in first thing to the garage. The bit hadn’t arrived. Surprise. So it was Tesco for me and then home, drowning in bags to find F12, sitting in his pyjamas and a long Wee Willie Winkie hat, watching “The Simpsons,” a worrying mug of hot chocolate slopping about cheerfully above the pale carpet.
Looking back at this blog, I realize I have been very guarded in talking about my negative emotions throughout this whole experience. I think mothers have a tendency to feel guilty for even having the slightest negative feeling...let alone putting it out there for the whole world to read about.
We do seem to have a lot in common with the Freeman Militia. I wonder if they’re truly like us.
Horse Trials, which was expected to attract some 100,000 spectators.
“Now that’s what friendship is all about.”
I’m still growing, changing, learning and experiencing life but the journey is so much more wonderful when shared with the people I hold dear to my heart..
“I can’t describe it. Just to get that 10th win was awesome.”
By Charles Paxton (Local Broadband Champion)
1 medium tomato - chopped
Basically that’s my daily beauty essentials for my oily and sensitive skin. What’s yours? Share us your secrets here. It’s a girl talk anyway!
Welcome to Obama's Army.
John:
I also received a really nice gift from Jennifer, Kai's Mom. Last year, she sent me an ornament for the babies I lost in 2010 - Jacob, August and Cub. This year she sent this year is a similar ornament for Madeline and Emma, the babies I lost in 2011.
Karl Endreson (Orange Crush)
Ok, so he lied, and, he talked privately about trying to make a deal for the senate seat. I am sad to say that it sounds like politics as usual to me.
Metropolitan Museum of Art Costume Institute Collection: Elsa Schiaparelli Necklace 2009.300.1234
...is one strategy...but a poor, desperate and very sad one, in my view. To me, this is like sitting back, drinking a coke and watching a group of psychopaths gangraping my loved ones, my Family. That's how I feel; and that's because that's exactly what's happening. My Family 'is' being gangraped and massacred...I don't care how many toys and pacifiers or "bread and games" (i.e. better jobs, internet, credit, vacations in the south, planes, cars, shops, refrigerators full of crappy foods, etc.) the gangrapists offer me or force on me, this is still a gangrape. It's infuckinsane!
Mickey Mantle - Independence Yankees
String brightly coloured lanterns across a hidden laneway, add funky mirrored tables and plastic stools in colours of citrus and lime, and you have Sydney's newest food market, Malaysia Kitchen.
Fair nuanced shake
Others do not wish to ‘help’ the Evil Lords but they do want to let them fuck up a bunch of people they feel are responsible for this whole mess. This attitude, along side the ‘if you can’t beat them join them’ attitude are some of the most reprehensible I have ever encountered. In my opinion, as evil as any overlords plans. The final and biggest faction is the portion who just don’t know. ‘Sheep’ as some would say, ‘Oppressed’ and ‘Blinded’ by other more understanding factions, we the Sheep are the number one cause of this impending doom. We who fail to look anywhere but where we are instructed to look, it is us who are most to blame, according to them…. such a quandary, so much to ponder… I cannot get enough of this stuff. I have always considered myself society’s little observer, and although the NWO may very well murder me with ass cancer or a single bullet to the temple, I will die knowing, that I kind of saw it coming.
$.27... one nickle, one dime, and a bunch of pennies
My God has called me to go to India.
She picked out a book at Walmart. I just wanted her to "want" something...anything and I was going to get it for her...thank God it was small and cheap. She held on to it for dear life, and played with it for quite a while when back at the hotel. She was quite all day, I can't think of one word she said today other than calling for her foster grandmother when she woke all the way until tonight when she played with the book in the hotel room and whispered a couple words...wonder what she said.
I am glad that I told Maddie everyday I loved her and was there every morning kissing her and always there for her when she needed to be held. You never know what life will throw at you but if you have that special person to lean on, you can't loose!!
What is my favorite animal?
Valentine's Day- 18 weeks
My mom has been buttering me up to come help her with some house projects. She's even offering free lunch and gas if I come over Sunday, which naturally has me really worried about what she wants me to do! Of course I'll go, if only so I can mention it when the time comes to sand my secretary!
The run had a lot of rolling hills through downtown Nashville. The views were pretty stunning and it was nice to run with a friend. We just talked and joked around while I continued to monitor the pace. I have a pretty bad problem of starting too early so I wanted to make sure I started slow so I could finish strong. The race weaved around the Vanderbilt campus, and through neighborhoods with plenty of college students out enjoying their morning. Many people at this stage of the race were enjoying Mimosas and various morning cocktails. It appeared everyone was enjoying themselves and this helped the mood of the runners.
It took me a few seconds to figure out he was referring to the Haruspicus. In his game he’d been sent to investigate a body of one of the infected citizens that had been sliced open and left in the street, and his investigation ended up pointing to me as the perpetrator. But there was no evidence as to why I’d done it. Whereas in my game, yeah, I’d snuck up on a doomed man and cut him open, but I knew it was justified. For thousands of years the Haruspicus had held the right to open the dead in situations like this; what I’d done was the most natural thing in the world. To try and save the thousands of men, women and children in the town who were at risk, I’d brought one death on just a couple of days early. Sue me.
at 7:15 and then go straight to dinner
See the USA successfully adopt a compassionate system of National Health Care
It's been a while since the Fratelli Ravioli place on Court Street near President in Carroll Gardens gave up the ghost. The space remained vacant for months, but now there are stirring of activity and it looks like the address has been taken over by its next door neighbor, the Marco Polo Ristorante.
Well, that’s a topic for another day. Pencils. I came to the decision that there are criteria for my use of one over the other. I adore pencils (Focus, padawan.) for their aged qualities. The scent of a freshly-sharpened pencil is pure heaven and there is nothing akin to the feeling of utter joy when facing a single, blank sheet of paper with only a #2 pencil in hand. You sighed just now, didn’t you? I know I did.
the sentiment and a space to write too
The weather is cool and crisp but not yet the biting cold of winter. It kisses your cheeks that perfect shade of pink which you can never quite achieve with blush. The cold coaxes the leaves to change from generic green to vibrant hues of red, yellow and orange; so that when the sun hits them the canopy becomes ablaze with a riot of color. The mixture of competing scents from the fresh clean air, to the earthy damp leaves is both comforting and invigorating. Piles of leaves are just waiting… taunting someone to jump into their colorful depths, and scatter them from their neat mounds. The crunch, crunch of leaves that punctuates every fall footstep, is like a song that has been stuck in my head all year, that I finally get to hear. The weather makes everything more cozy inside and out.
Mr.Griffiths also called for health checks on immigrants when he responded to a question in the local paper the “Smegs Telephone”, “Immigration should be limited to those of sound health who have jobs and living accommodation arranged before they enter.” This was prescient as there was an outbreak of Typhoid in Smethwick in April 1965. Dr.John Briant the Deputy Medical Officer of Health said ”Smethwick had contained one outbreak but another might occur if people were let into the country without health checks.”
Kyoto Animation’s second entry and the more controversy of the two since so many people after watching AIR, Haruhi, and Kanon where expecting something as instantly awesome as the first episode of Haruhi and something as pretty as AIR and Kanon or something that was like Azumanga Daioh. I hadn’t seen Azumanga Daioh yet and after reading the first couple of pages of the source material – and not finding it very funny – I lowered my expectations a lot and just tried to watch the first episode with a neutral frame of mind. I was still underwhelmed by this series, I’d probably have rated it a 6/12 or B- with the opening song and Lucky Channel carrying most of the weight. As the first few episodes dragged by it got a little better but I couldn’t help but feel disappointment starting to eat away at my bones. This changed though with the announcement of a director change after episode 4. Episode 5 was better than 4, 6 was better yet, 7 even better, and so it went. I found myself liking the show more and more – maybe it was the change in director or because I came to enjoy the characters – laughing at skits like Tsukasa and her cellphone or when Miyuki wins the race using her physical assets. Once I understood the show, it clicked. The show was not meant to be a comedy, at it’s core it a slice-of-life show – the normal everyday life of real people do not make good fodder for a comedy and that’s okay.
2 ceramicworks
The net sales decline “primarily reflects challenges in consumer electronics, which are expected to continue in the near-term,” ShopNBC said in a press release.
One Piece 664 (6:08 — 10:53)
It's fair to say that even the most ostensibly realist poem is aware of itself as ultimately failing to live up to the actual experience, or the emotion, that begins it. Language always fails to describe a sunset; or an experience in exactly the way you wish it to. The non-mainstream poet is intensely aware of that fact, highlights that failure, makes it a feature of the poem.
4 Fs- Freedom, Foods, Family and Friends
Total Loss: 17 pounds
After eight years working on it, Thomas de Wesselow could go on and on into infinite detail, far too much to take on board at one sitting. Yet for every answer – or “new way of understanding” as he prefers to put it — another question inevitably arises.
Amazingly, the sitter even says she'll come back, if we'll have her!
“As long as it is day, we must do the work of him who sent me. Night is coming, when no one can work. While I am in the world, I am the Light (nur) of the world.” John 9:4-5
3.) Baggie
The Yankees, who have benefited from $943 million in tax-exempt bonds, with savings of nearly $200 million, would like to issue perhaps $350 million more, and the city and state are asking the IRS and the Treasury Department, which have proposed tightening federal regulations, to grandfather in the request.
In all four images, Kira and the foreground is pretty well exposed, but the sunlit background is blown out. The degree to which the highlights are blown out depends on the metering mode. The spot metering is by far the worst. The only way to salvage these images is to either crop in and minimize the background with blown highlights or else replace the sun-lit background. Many professional pet photographers are making the artistic choice to leave the blown highlights in the background. I am not entirely sure that works for Schutzhund photography, however. This is not to say, all photographs must be totally balanced in color and exposure. Not at all. In the end, it is an artistic choice.
Now he wanders in Vegas, another lied to ghost
Tristram Shandy – Sterne
"All the accused are members of what they themselves called the 'war council'," court documents allege. "This group met almost weekly either in Gonzales's or Haynes's offices."
Then, in the wake of an accidental cliff collapse, Jack discovers a seam of unimaginably valuable jewels, to which he manages to lay legal claim just as ZaraCorp is cancelling their contract with him for his part in causing the collapse. Briefly in the catbird seat, legally speaking, Jack pressures ZaraCorp into recognizing his claim, and cuts them in as partners to help extract the wealth.
Today was a sad day at the 92.3 NOW studios. Due to doctors orders, Nick Cannon did his last show with Sarah Lee and the Rollin’ crew this morning. Even though it was a sad day, Nick and Sarah took the listeners on a trip down memory lane, looking back on all the good times they had in the two years Nick was with us.
The new Board of Judicial Conduct would be created after years of complaints that the Court of the Judiciary did not aggressively investigate claims of judicial misconduct and was too closely tied to the Tennessee Supreme Court, which appointed more than half of its members. The measure, Senate Bill 2671, also sets up a procedure for investigating complaints against judges and requires the board to report regularly to the legislature on how grievances are resolved.
1- Bornlivedie
Love it! So versatile that it is suitable from early childhood up to self-publishing adults. It is an ideal resource for schools to create their own iBook libraries and is an App children would find easy to use when publishing their own projects.
The Verdict
“God—‘Our Father who art in heaven,’ the creator of heaven and Earth in six days—gets the bus?”
This brings me to Bradley Monton’s book Seeking God in Science: An Atheist Defends Intelligent Design (recently discussed here) A Princeton-trained philosopher of science who teaches at the University of Colorado (Boulder), Monton carefully weighs the evidence and fairly evaluates the explanations and comes to the conclusion that design arguments are “somewhat plausible.” They don’t defeat his atheism, but they make him less certain of it. I can relate with this as I find arguments from the problem of evil to be somewhat plausible, making me less certain of, though not defeating my belief in God. No matter what one ultimately thinks of Monton’s book, the takeaway should be that truth is the goal of inquiry, not whether we are “doing science” or “being religious.”
Yes, I am grateful for the wisdom that comes from years of making mistakes, saying the wrong things, and learning how to listen more and speak less. Being kind is a virtue that comes gracefully with age, and from appreciating every living being, regardless of the odd little worlds they drag around with them. It comes from releasing the resentment or fear I hold onto. Making an extended hand instead of a fist.
Then add capsicum and green chilly slits and saute ..
“Life systems after jettison?”
Cut to a few weeks later. It was March 31st and Daniel and I were watching a Jazz game in my basement. It was halftime, so we went to grab some snacks. On our way to the store I decided to probe Daniel to see where he was in the process of acquiring my ring. When I asked Daniel if he had picked up the ring, he told me it wasn't ready yet. My heart sank a little bit, so I asked him if he'd at least talked to my dad yet. No such luck. I was a little disappointed at the slow process, but I decided it wasn't that big of a deal. I gave up the conversation as we pulled in front of my house.
Eventually the Doctor discovered the heart of the ship where the Smilers and their controllers were torturing the Whale with electric shocks to keep it moving and faced the impossible situation. Angered that he would now have to sacrifice the life of an innocent and one of a kind being to save billions the Doctor was prepared to labotamise the Space Whale so it would no longer feel pain from the torture. Amy however noticed the Whale's neural tendrils affectionately playing with the children who the whale always refused to eat when they were sent down below. Remembering the Doctor's lesson about always observing she quickly put the pieces together and ran over to the control system to press the "Abdicate" button freeing the Whale. The ship however did not explode has was originally feared but instead started to move faster "Well now that the pilot's not being tortured" Amy explained have deduced that the Whale had come willingly and was still willing to help the people of Great Britain. (From The Beast Below, 2010) via
From the ultrasound room, we headed into a big room where the x-ray machine was located. The VCUG requires a catheter to be inserted into the urethra and then dye to be injected. Multiple x-rays are taken of the urinary tract to see if there is any issues, which could be causing kidney scarring or urinary tract infections.
party tonight on a mid summer night
Yes, if you want to talk about democracy I can also talk. And I will have more to say. And to argue that what the majority wants count and that the minority view does not matter is not democracy at all. Minorities too have rights and their views also matter. Did not Saddam become Iraq’s leader with almost 100% of the votes? So he murdered the minority Kurds. So what? Is that reason to remove him when the minority view does not matter and only what the majority wants count?
'Holiday Romance' charm bracelet. Holiday inspired charms: tibetan silver double-sided Eiffel Tower, enamel lips, silver-plated puff heart, 'love' word, 'love' word in heart and I HEART NY! 2 of these bracelets available... quick! Closes with a summery flower toggle clasp. Silver-plated findings and components.
Tomorrow is another therapy session. I don’t trust T anymore. I really don’t know why. I can’t point at anything in specific, but I just don’t feel safe with him anymore. And also, I’m a little annoyed with him right now. He knows about my new job. He also knows about my work hours. Yet he texted me today asking if I could move up my appointment by an hour, which is not humanly possible. The thing is, I don’t feel like doing therapy anymore. I don’t feel I get anything out of it. It’s like we’ve reached an impasse. I’m not ready to talk about my abuse in detail, not with T. And it’s not like I can bring my husband to every appointment either. That is why I bring him – because I don’t trust T. I think T’s facial hair is a trigger. He has a full beard, and for some reason that is a trigger. Plus the last couple of times he has been wearing nipple-shirts. As in knitted cotton sweaters without a shirt under, so the shirt just kind of clings to the upper body. Nipple-shirts.
(From my iPod's auto-downloading podcasts)
Hardy Heller & Alex Connors - Gump & Friends EP (2012)
This is an evolution. I see more writing in my future. Art will have its place, but my environment, having the visual energy around me, will satisfy more than the actual making of things.
Melt butter in a large frying pan (you can add chopped onions too, saute until soft). Then add the pierogies and pan fry until lightly crispy. Serve with a side of sour cream or salad.
Anyway, Paul went to live with Svend for about six months while I got on my feet again. In the meantime we contacted social services again and told them exactly what had happened and that I had to have help because I was scared of what I might do if I got into that kind of situation again. More than anything, I was scared I might seriously hurt Paul. This time they actually listened and we were given respite care for Paul once a month. It was just a weekend, but it made a huge difference. We arranged it so that Lise could spend a weekend a month with each of us alone, which she needed, and I’d get a weekend without the children so that I could relax (and yes, I did still go out with my drinking buddies, but I had control over how much I drank by then, I didn't keep any alcohol at home, and I wasn't drunk the entire weekend, the way I had been before). It was also around that time that I discovered I was pregnant with Paul's second sister so having respite couldn't have come at a better time and the partying came to a complete halt.
This is the lamp that USED to sit on the hutch of DH's desk. It also USED to have an awesome, bright, CFL bulb in it. Right. This is when Mommy starts panicking. I think I might have pulled something yanking her out of the debris. After dusting her off and making sure she had no cuts or glass in her hair, I relocated her to the living room and frantically called my husband. Six times. I would show you on my recent calls list, but my iPhone doesn't have a screen capture feature.
Mrs Mukherjee didn’t quite realise just how far her son-in-law had gone. She had no idea where East Africa is. Shankar note the address down, and within a week sent off a letter. Could he remember Shankar, a boy from his wife’s village? He has passed the FA exam. Could he find a job for him in the railway? He is ready to go as far as necessary.
Does a skin flute count? One time at band camp... yes, I was a band geek for my entire high school career and yes, I did play the flute. I also took up the french horn, the saxamaphone (for a summer) and guitar. I can still pick out a few things on the guitar but I haven't picked up any of the other instruments in years so I'm not sure if I can make the grade.
So last night, my dad (who hates Obama I might add…*no comment*) says “did you know Obama is Bi” *let me add, this ‘discussion’ steamed from the anti-gay marriage bs in the news* so my reply was “No, I didn’t…but if he is, OKAY…who cares, what’s your point”? So anyhow, I was just “researching” this little/HUGE RUMOR and so far all I’ve come up with is some ridiculous conspiracy theory because 2 people in CHICAGO were “shot execution style” that at some point knew Obama (Dude, I’m from Chicago! Does the words GANGS AND DRUGS mean anything to you?) and A… *YES ONE*, pic of Obama sitting on a couch next to another man… I’m sorry I wasn’t aware that sitting on a couch next to someone of the same sex makes you gay, FUCK I’ve been GAY FOR LIKE FOREVER THEN! smh, aye…I’m gonna have to blog this shit tomorrow, I just have too much to say about it! I’m not a huge Obama “fan” but come on, let’s stop with the bullshit!
-Repeated compression/stress: It's kind of hard NOT to do that to your feet (rock climbing, walking, etc.)
DO SOMETHING!
Five: Time to take action
Director : James A. Contner
2 cups grape tomatoes
So what I am trying to say here is NERDS RULE!
Like many things in life, the answer is not straightforward and there are both pros and cons.
dentist–whomever–TIME CHANGE!
"We've got to decide what our priorities are," the president said today at the White House. "Do we keep tax loopholes for oil companies, or do we put teachers back to work? Should we keep tax breaks for millionaires and billionaires, or should we invest in education and technology and infrastructure?"
She got a little distracted with christmas preparations so didn't quite finish Lucy and the handbag, but now she knows how quick and simple it is, I am sure Alfie won't be without his owner for very long.
Even though I know it may not last, I refuse to think about it. I am only enjoying it. Stay in the day, that's my motto.
She was born at 35 weeks and lived physically only a matter of minutes. We miss her every day!
Anger over the NYPD’s ‘stop, question, and frisk’ policy never provoked outrage nearing that of the enhanced pat-downs. It’s the subject of at least one civil suit, an ACLU campaign, and some academic study, but little else. I can’t help but wonder if this issue remains low-volume because NYPD stops do not impact the “low-risk population” who face the TSA pat-downs, and because the people being stopped and frisked in New York are now so used to being policed as “high-risk” that they have come to accept this status.
Otis Redding The dock of the bay US
“Greatest country on earth” my butt!! America WAS the greatest nation on earth. Back when Americans had values, morals, and pride. Now, all I see is my generation getting wasted and not remember what the heck happened between Thursday night and Sunday. Girls my age are popping out kids left and right. People my age are more worried about relationships and getting married (that 50% will fail) than getting an education and planning a future. The education system itself is crap. I could go on and on about the problems I see when I take a step back and look at America today compared to just twenty years ago.
Beck leveled it at the engineer’s head. What remaining color Claypool had in his face quickly washed away as he stared wide-eyed into the end of the barrel. “You’ll draw, Claypool, or we’ll end this little lottery right now.”
The thing is...at any age practice is the only thing that makes perfect so today I am learning to practice. Perfection comes, one day at a time.
Back to the title. With all of this hard work, and occasional heartbreak, why is calving season “the most wonderful time of the year”?
Being a Follower gives you your first entry in the draw, and if you put me on your blog sidebar or engage in any other social media promotion then you can get further entries - please do a separate comment to tell me about each of these as it makes it easier for me when I do the draw.
Daniel King – Davenport
You see, everything we do in life is now done or available on the Internet in the World Wide Web. Whether you are plugged in or not, your information is available for download. And Microsoft is how we access that virtual world (through Windows and it’s sub-programs like Internet Explorer). When we enter all of our passwords, PIN’s, account numbers, our mother’s maiden names… and then we voluntarily record all of our most closely guarded secrets and personal information onto websites like MySpace (which is now owned by Rupert Murdoch’s “Fox” News Corporation, which is a mainstream media company, which again means it’s owned collectively by government) (http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/business/4697671.stm) Microsoft collects all of that information though its software and sends it back to itself and its servers and anyone else who pays for the sharing of that information.
The photo I took turned out super washed out my the noon day light but I think it gives it a real faded seventies vintage look. And no I am not eight feet tall, the Lincoln has been lowered significantly with custom made springs by Eaton Detroit.
You might have heard me on BBCRadioFour recently, arguing for an historical theme park version of Pompeii to be built near the site. Why on earth should we do such a thing? Here are ten reasons I think it would be a great idea.
The new pact also calls for a study on how the Fire Department provides ambulance service. So far, response times are too slow and paramedics are burdened with calls, thanks to an old-fashioned deployment model worked out by a fire-centric leadership.
Donald and Peta started out with a great tango! Intense, aggressive, and powerful! Len could hardly wait to tell them how much he liked it. A 9 from each judge! Tom and I both thought Len might give him a 10 he was so excited but guess that was a 9 of excitement. Score: 27
This is the fourth in the Art of Research event series, the first of which took place in Helsinki 2005, and the first to be hosted by EMPIRICA, a research group based in the Department of Design, Aalto University’s School of Arts, Design and Architecture, working in co-operation with the university’s Department of Film, Television and Scenography.
I used some Basic Grey Christmas papers which I think were last years or the year before's?!
(not that you can much of the base card anymore)
*Most of my information came from the TMZ website in case you are interested in looking more into this.
So yeah, nothing amazing here, but at least it’s better than some of the other awful comedies from recent years. Does it use just about every modern comedy cliche? Yes. Is there too much contrived drama at the end? Absolutely. Does it bring much of anything new to the table? Not really. Did I laugh enough to recommend it? Just barely.
Van Gogh lead an interesting life filled with bouts of illness and insanity, but no one can deny he lived with passion. Something beautiful lived inside of him and it came out of his paintbrush, with purpose and chaos. Perhaps it was his way of sorting out the mess in his head, where everything splintered between reality and imagination. Somehow the two sides of him collide in erratic mosaics in bold colors. Each stroke is a mad dash that makes no sense, but when it connects to the rest, a cascade of wonder fills the canvas.
Such joy wrapped around the pain
Guarding.
As mentioned earlier this week, Michael had to go on a last-minute business trip to Hawaii. For a week. Before he left, he asked if I wanted any souvenirs and I answered with my all-time favorite answer: "Yarn."
November, and my brother's visit, was looming. I'd booked three tickets for us on the Chunnel for a day trip to London. I had visions of being stopped at the border and not allowed back into France. I drank more wine. And shot some heroin.
You get the drift.
I give this as a supplement by the spoonful to the children and myself in these weeks leading up to the change in season, I give it also as an immune booster. The berries are powerful antioxidants, full of vitamins A, B and C, as well as amino acids. For more info look here. I like to keep the syrup on hand all winter, and give it at the first sign of a cold or flu. When I have an abundant supply like now, and it is hot, like now, I also use it as juice, and serve it over ice in a mixture of half water half syrup.
Ghostbusters, which may as well be titled Whitebusters, is, apart from its white-washing which we'll discuss below, a near-perfect film. Deeply ingrained into our 1980s childhood, some lines - such as, There is no PPCC, there is only Zool! - are eminently quotable and appropriate for all occasions. Or, even better, Choose the form of the destructor!
I suppose it was bound to happen sooner or later that someone in Parliament would object to a beer with a jokey name. Labour MP Kate Green took exception to Slaters Top Totty and it was taken off within an hour and a half. As I'm sure most people reading this know, the pump clip shows a drawing of a young woman in a bikini and bunny ears holding a tray of beers.
For it matters not, how much we own,
Autism is at one end of the continuum and is the most severe type of ASD. Children with autism have unusual behaviors that are repetitive and stereotypical, as well as very restricted interests and activities. They have severely disordered verbal and nonverbal language and as many as half never develop any type of language. Autism is also characterized by impairments in social interaction that include poor eye-to-eye gaze, lack of social or emotional turn-taking, and a failure to develop relationships with peers. Most children with autism also have delayed intellectual abilities (DSM-IV-TR, 2000).
Nova- America’s Stone Age Explorers Where did the first Americans come from?
His unconventional political manifesto states that ‘the majority’, as defined by the government of the day, is always right.
Like a lot of NYC apartment dwellers I don’t put full screens over top of my windows. I go down to the hardware store and buy these 15-inch tall screens that adjust to the window width. The idea being that you’ll screen out most of the flying crap when your windows are open. But not all of it, because there’s a gap between the plane of the window and the plane of the screen, a one-inch gap that a determined mosquito can fly down into quite easily. And they do. And they come into my joint and hurt me. It sucks. I think they must breed in the clogged gutter just above my ceiling (I’m on the top floor of an old four-story building).
Today my husband and I had a discussion involving my mother. Now, just so you know, a lot of our discussions involve my mother.
Gliding between menus and home screens isn’t going to be comparable to the likes of the iPad or the Asus Transformer Prime, but we feel the Acer A200 doesn’t do a bad job. And the clean, futuristic look of Ice Cream Sandwich is relatively easy to navigate quickly.
You knew there'd be at least one Greek myth-based novel in here, didn't you? This is one of the best retellings I've read in years (if not ever), and that's why I'm making it my Book of the Year. For a debut novel, it's extraordinary - and I think we may have a new Mary Renault on our hands here. Yes, she's really that good. Miller has brought alive the old story of Achilles and Patroclus (the book is told from Patroclus's point of view), and given it a fresh and interesting angle. She clearly knows her Homer and associated sources, but what I really appreciated was the deft, spare beauty of the writing itself. I hope Bloomsbury know what a treasure they've got here, and I'm hoping this one will win prizes in 2012. It surely deserves to. If you only buy a single book on this list, make it this one.
Thanks for everyone's comments and such - I know that anyone who loves horses knows what I have been going through. It's nice to know that we're not alone in this journey!
In our past experience, a coronal mass ejection (CME) precipitates a flurry of electromagnetic activity on earth, including increased crop circle appearances.
Hudson would then return to his typewriter at a newspaper office on virtually no sleep and still, with enough residual chemicals in him to bring down a charging rhino, proceed to tap out an op-ed piece on the local lady's auxiliary.
I'll miss you my little one, my boo-boo, my boo-girl. I'll miss your high fives, your meow that sounded like Selma from the Simpsons, and your love of chicken. We were lucky to have you in our lives.
I did not wait
P: "It's a refrigerator."
I've done everything physical (short of getting some outrageous piercings or tattoos....hmmm maybe i should consider that navel ring......) to signify a fresh beginning- I've got my hair cut shorter than I've ever had it before (my way of losing the old baggage), getting a new bag for work (literally losing the old baggage), threw out 3/4 of my room so on and so forth and all that, no matter how hard - losing the hair being the hardest- is only the beginning of the emotional chances that are to come.
I'm thrilled that we're having Spring-like weather here in Richmond, VA, USA! (Actually, we just finished having a couple of Summer-like days! Yikes...too early in the year for THAT kind of nonsense!! hehe!) The grass is greening up, the trees are leafing out, and tulips are starting to pop up all over the place!! So, this challenge is perfectly timed, I must say! And, YIKES! Have you visited 7 Kids College Fund lately?! There are so many fabulous new stamps including Elizabeth Bell, Sylvia Zet, and coming soon . . . Nellie Snellen Stamps! Wheetwhoo! I can't wait! My credit card is trembling! (So is my sweet hubby! Trembling, that is! LOL!) OK . . . on to my "Springy" DT project . . .
I thought about applying my newly developing (I can't say "developed" yet, it is in progress though) machine quilting skills on this quilt, but I couldn't help going back to the idea of doing hand quilting with large stitches.
Had another wedding shower!! I mean seriously, it's my life these days! Not that I don't love them, I do... but some people I tell are astonished when I told them I was having 5 showers. Well, I know someone that had 11! Yes, ELEVEN. Was there even anything left on the registry?!?!
I loved the fit and feel of this skirt all day - the slit at the back is not very high, so I had to take less than my usual big strides. It felt very old-school.
The whole deal aims to create and protect a total of over 6,000 jobs, with other provisions – including devolution of the Northern Rail franchise, 6,000 more apprenticeships, a low carbon hub, and up to 7,000 new homes through a Housing Investment Board – detailed on the DCLG website.
Man Made
Rugby: New Otago board by end of May
I have used the The First edition Summer Breeze papers on this project which I think work quite nicely with the image. The base is from Craftwork Cards and is a 6inch in scalloped square
2 pale
! Increased Performance Levels
The patent was directed to a method including a "displayable representation" showing the sequence of web-pages visited by a registered user on an information site.
Plain Ol' Cheesecake w/Triple Berry Topping
As part of this summer’s exterior work, we decided to get our driveway repaved at the same time we were getting our interlock laid in the backyard.
Faymonville M et al. Hypnosis as adjunct therapy in conscious sedation for plastic surgery. Reg Aneash 1995. 20;2,145-151 – Internet health Library
How do I keep a herb garden alive over a week's holiday? Do I need a herb sitter as well as a cat sitter?
And welcome back to my returning sponsors:
“You stinking piece of shit! Do you not know your propriety? All Lords are your Lords!” he said angrily, cruelty on his lips. “I would beseech you to seek out the lore of feudalism if I was not so certain that you are too dense to attain such understanding!”
Then there is the problem of Murdoch’s paywalls. Although doing well on premium-content titles like the Wall Street Journal, the push earlier this year to boost the UK Times titles is now stuck in the mud. Times Newspapers is continuing to see digital subscription gains – but growth is slowing, and the boost to print sales has proved short-lived….in fact, it’s gone into reverse. The Times, for example, now has 111,036 digital subscribers….woefully short of what the Wapping Liars projected two years ago. The Sunday Times has even less, at just over 75,000.
One of the most popular early pin-up girls was Betty Grable. Her poster was
Hello stampers! I am here today with a new card that I made for one of my gardening girlfriends! It is just about time to start planning the garden, and so this is what I've made for her. She has quite the green thumb, and has always given me some of her extra basil that she somehow manages to have! Hopefully this year is no different. Ha ha ha...I made this using some inspiration from PPA Sketch Challenge 131.
Hor d'Ouevres
Its pages blank yet.
So, should I write more of what you’re reading, or more of what moves my spirit? I’m thinking I’ll keep doing both.
Increasingly, ordinary people get prosecuted for trifles, while politically connected people get a pass for the exact same crime, or far worse behavior.
Not only is Francesca's life filled with danger, but it is also filled with romance. There is one steamy love scene in the Papal office that is un forgetable. There is man that lives near Francesca who is a glass blower. He has a son, but his wife has died. Francesca realizes that she has feelings for this man. His name is Rocco and his son's name is Nando. Rocco and Francesca have feelings for each other, but Francesca will not admit to her feelings for him. Rocco wants a mother for Nando. He gives Francesca the opportunity to voice her feelings, but she will not. He tells her that he is going to marry Carlotta d'agnelli. Inside, Francesca is very sad and longs to be the kind of woman that could be a mother and wife.
Well, my camera. The orchid on the game table is gorgeous & my camera picked it up like a boring dust ball.
Me: My story sucks.
The pickled watermelon, for 3 dollars, was also pretty good. The Kool-Aid flavor really came out in the few pieces of pickled rind that were on the plate. Additionally, the basil on the dish was really fresh and actually not overwhelming.
Also, in the late 90s, our albums, including my solo album Epic III and Symphinity by Windchase, were re-issued in Japan through an independent label which thankfully has kept the flame burning.
After some talk about vengeance and what Kaladin would sell for and what not, Tvlakv … kind of seems not so bad. I mean, he’s just doing what he can to make a living.
Heidi and Mike loaded us all up to drive out to our (must be read in an accent) holiday weekend in Cheddar.
He tried to forget about what Katie had said, but it kept replaying in his head, distracting him during his next class. Thanks, Katie. Now Bennett would get a bad report, right after they’d agreed that he’d get back to serious work. At least this time he would be able to explain why. He’d eat lunch with Bennett so they could talk about it, let him know that it wasn’t his fault this time. When Don and Katie waved and beckoned him over to their table where a fairly large group had gathered, he shook his head.
I grew up in a house turned preschool since my mom’s a teacher and she wanted to build her own school. This school has expanded into something bigger so our family had to move out and leave everything else behind. The preschool on the ground floor remains while our 2nd floor (where my room used to be) is being used as storage room. This saddens me as I have so many memories from that place.
My mother in the hospital again and I don't know why. There was some ugliness between us a while back and right now every time I talk to her it puts me in a very bad space and she doesn't understand this. She doesn't even understand how stressful interacting with her is for me. All that happens is that she gets her feelings hurt and I feel bad for making her feel bad. Ugh.
Keep in mind that District 11 is in Kabul. These guys aren’t rolling up on some ANP checkpoint in the middle of bad-guy country. This is in the capital city. Where there’s bowling. In contrast, this is the ANP Colonel’s take on the relationship:
I arrived at Church House with about twenty minutes to spare, and passed Jon on the stairs on the way up to the gallery. He was easy to spot: very tall, silver hair, and still in his cycling gear, complete with fluorescent yellow jacket.
But through making our struggles known I have had several people email me encouragement. Some have been encouraging to me and some have asked questions. How did we know, when did we decide to seek help, what questions did we ask while balancing our faith and morals with treatment options, how has this strengthened/affected our marriage...you name it, I've been asked it. It's amazing to me how it all comes at just the right time...always. God has put people in my life as a prayer warrior, as a friend of encouragement, and as a shot of hope just when I need it.
Kenya Debt Relief Network, Kenya; Femnet, Zambia, Tanzania;
By 1975 the novelty of Hot Butter's moogy squeaks and squelches had worn off, which probably goes a long way to explaining how this equally brilliant single came into being. "Getting Off" is essentially a funk reworking of their earlier 1973 track "Space Walk". Whereas before the band clearly had interstellar ambitions for the track, "Getting Off" sounds more urban, bringing to mind images of housing projects, men swaggering proudly across streets with "Walk"/ "Don't Walk" crossing lights, and, er... cardboard boxes placed strategically in the middle of industrial estates for no apparent reason. It's a piece of funk which is very much of its era and does indeed underline all the usual cliches, but it swoops so gracefully and has so many pounding, exciting breakbeats (listen to the drummer yelling halfway through the track) that you'd have to have feet of lead to not be interested.
SO! I’ve decided to try to write in english. Actually i’m not that much into the idea because i know how much better i am able to express myself in danish. well. Lets see how this turns out.
1/4 cup beef stock
The big problem with photographing fireworks displays in Edinburgh is trying to get something that’s not been done 100 times before. This year along we’ve had the half hour display from Edinburgh Castle for the Festival, a shorter display from the castle for St Andrews Day, a display from Calton Hill as part of the Hogmanay celebrations and just over 24 hours later, another huge display from the castle again at midnight for New Year. That’s quite a lot of opportunities with iconic landmarks.
You know how when you’re tired, out of it, and look like crap, you just don’t feel like talking to anyone? Well, when I walked into Lulu, I found the cutest Gina working there, and she quickly put me out of my mood : )
If you’re like me, you’ve confused sofa for the Tosefta or the Mishnah for the Messiah. But these two writings are part of an important body of Rabbinic literature that form the foundation of the religion of Judaism.
I'm quiet for a little bit, and then I say, "Well, there's nothing really wrong with it. It's just . . . sad."
JJ: I encountered Chhepu whilst I was rummaging through the myths and legends of the Nepalis.
You're a freak and a fool giving it the big I am with jokes ripped from the glossiness of cheap magazines,
the most dreadful harrows of bad boozing,
“What did you wish for ? ” I asked him,sounding very much the idiot i was feeling like inside.
P.P.S. I have nothing against fat people.....well, not all of them.
and hustled back to the school about 6:45. They were still waiting. The celebration
Random: But reality is exciting and beautiful.
7 Facts:
“In 2011 cybercriminals greatly expanded their reach, with nearly 20 percent of targeted attacks now directed at companies with fewer than 250 employees,” said Stephen Trilling, Symantec chief technology officer. “We’ve also seen a large increase in attacks on mobile devices, making these devices a viable platform for attackers to leverage in targeting sensitive data. Organizations of all sizes need to be vigilant about protecting their information.”
That is overcast,
Another 'just for fun' card to share today, and another one of my new LOTV purchases. This time it is a cute bear couple which is just so adorable.
Can today’s capitalism be responsible? Can it be popular in the sense that people in great numbers embrace it and benefit in a fair way? Distinguished British Marxist historian Eric Hobsbawm does not think so. In a sharp critique, Hobsbawm made the point that capitalism as practiced in the last 40 years was all about growth and profit and not much else.
Friday’s RW quote also came to mind:
“I have encountered many children that bear the burden of parents that struggle with the grips of addiction,” he said. “My program is court-mandated. In many cases, the kids have been in an environment where these drugs are a common occurrence and they simply start picking up on harmful habits they’ve observed.”
Your favorite holiday treat that you make or one that you receive. Why is it your favorite?
Oh, my trainer and I matched outfits last night. It was cute. And we listened to death metal. It's good hard core working out music.
Blackjacks, grass, berries, wild figs, rats, roots and seeds meant for planting have become the staple diet of hundreds of thousands of Zimbabweans, according to refugees fleeing the hunger.
Susanna is offering to give away a free copy of Minette's Feast. To enter your name in a drawing to win a free, signed copy of Minette's Feast, please email Susanna with the subject line "Minette's Feast giveaway." One entry per person, please. Winners will be selected at random on May 31.
The National Weather Service has issued a Red Flag Warning for Thursday and Friday from 11 AM to 8 PM MST due to strong winds and low relative humidity. Winds will be from the southwest from 15 to 25 mph with gusts of 35 to 45 mph. Conditions will be dry with relative humidities of 5% to 12%. Critical fire weather conditions can be expected today through Sunday.
DCS Williams explained that the inquiry he headed had been into Messrs Mulcaire and Goodman. When asked if it had spread wider he said, “Not that I’m aware of.”
Risingtaste - where taste meets fashion
Then Sarah and Armen were surprised by the brides maids that the original band from Bob and Barbara's bar played their first dance song "Can't keep my eyes off of you" This is the song they danced to when they first went out together. They were expecting to dance to the recorded version! What a sweet gift!
I attended more funerals before age 20 than most people, other than a pastor will attend in their lifetime. Why I was not one of them, only God can tell. He has the final say and fortunately, He now holds the pen.
That they sat down,
The above is a letter to the editor from our paper, The Daily Disappointment. I suppose it is possible the writer was just being tongue-in-cheek, but I seriously doubt it. It had the ring of a true believer about it.It's hard to convey sarcasm, etc. in writing, but I didn't recognize any attempt here.
Unlike my country, Denmark, Japan is crazy about jingles. Most Danish people consider jingles a plague that should be kept away from society and if introduced immediately cured. Lounge music is okay though. Japanese people have jingles everywhere. You know when you push that button to get to the other side of the sidewalk a sort of beeping sound begins, to indicated when it’s okay to go. This is to help blind people know whether they should stay or they should go. In Japan they made a minute-long jingle for this. Actually they didn’t make it, they just ripped off some classic song; sometimes Itsy Bitsy Spider.
Know their responsibilities
Choosing shoes for your children can play a critical role in their musculoskeletal development, including their posture.
Great article Max. If I ever met your banking chum, I would tell him the following: A Bank manager invites a small businessman into his office. The bank manager
*As an aside... it is nearly IMPOSSIBLE to find out how much designer dresses cost! After speaking with one very curt and tight lipped receptionist at Marchesa, an unanswered call to Jenny Packham, and google search after google search, I gave up trying to find the exact prices for these designer gowns. So frustrating! If anyone happens to know, please post it here!
While working on a client's bathroom I came across these images that make me want to do my bathrooms over....
So please help me decide what to do with the frames! Any suggestions are much appreciated! Please vote in the poll at the top of my blog. Thanks everyone!
But last – and by no means least – what of Paul’s apparently incontrovertible statement at Romans 1 where “females changed the natural use of themselves into one contrary to nature and likewise even the males left the natural use of the female and became violently inflamed in their lust towards one another”?
When I got the paint home, it still seemed closer to orange than gold, but I thought it would look different on the wall. I was wrong. It seemed more and more orange the more I painted. I finished the first coat and frowned. I thought a second coat might change my perception, but the color only intensified. I still thought that my eyes were deceiving me (surely the walls were golden, not orange), so, when Mike arrived home from a long day of studying for finals, I presented him with our pumpkin hallway.
Rachel Kellers is someone I’ve mentioned on Covered By The Dust before and now I am privileged to be able to introduce a piece she’s written especially for this blog. I think what she has written is succinct and enlightening, and so if you enjoy her post be sure to hit the like button or leave a comment.
And I was especially reflecting on this point lately, emancipation and independence. How many women choose to follow their ideals in spite of others'? In spite of their boyfriends', husbands or even families?
Tonight we’ll be able to see the first signs of the new moon’s waxing crescent. A time for planting the seeds of thought for our new ideas and projects. Great night to meditate.
Excited for the new Columbia Wegmans? Sign up on-line for their Shoppers Club card. It's the normal grocery store bonus card, and you could have yours delivered before the June 17, 2012 opening.
Juan D'Arienzo – Mucho MuchoThe above link gives you a high quality stream. There's a version on YouTube with some meaningless graphics, and you can get it on iTunes. It doesn't sound great on my computer speakers - if you have quality earphones you'll probably want to use them to hear the bass. I can't hear it at all if I don't plug mine in, and it's very important.
It came to a head at 9.45am on April 9. A discussion took place about the parking of a car and the right to do so. “The accused was there and took part in the discussion. She began to shout and swear that she would 'get this f*****g sorted out' and would get other members of her family to deal with it. She shouted and screamed in an aggressive manner. During the course of this she called one of the witnesses an English twat.”
I’ve previously written about the affordability of the SCG test. The, potentially, enormous cost of taking a family there. The great advantage that ANZ has it’s accessbility. Once the major event transport is activated for the game, your ticket covers your transport. Trains and buses virtually drop you off at the gate. It’s brilliant, and always seems to work very efficiently. I was travelling from work, west of Homebush on the train and was immediately struck but the number of families heading to the game – Mum, Dad and the kids out for a day at the cricket. No hassles about parking in Moore Park. No walks or slow bus trips from central. An almost door to door service. Not only is it easier, you don’t have the added expense. And, when you’ve spent money on 4 or 5 tickets for the family to head out – that’s a saving you’ll appreciate.
So, those are working pretty well without me needing to try and invent them again, but then I thought of what I’d like to use. I like to exercise a lot, but in recent months (thanks to injury and Christmas) I’ve lost some of the motivation to regularly train and consequentially have lost some fitness and strength. I can’t afford a personal trainer but love tailored exercise programs that have a lot of variety. I saw a card in the latest issue of Womens’ Health magazine that you can tear out and take with you to the gym, and was also reading about Chatroulette so I thought of this idea:
-mixed into Pork Roast, Taters, and Carrots
Not a great deal going on in the house but I was really excited to get in some pieces from my statuary/planter line. Can I just tell you how gorgeous these pieces are!! Anyone who has ordered these has been so delighted with their purchase, saying how they are even prettier in person and that is so true! I love the look of old stone planters and statuary but the beauty of these is that they are a fiberglass/resin composite so you can lift them with one hand! There are some cheap imitations which are pretty bad but the quality of this line is bar none.
Start Line – Midlothian Ave between Queen E Park & Nat Bailey Stadium
Success is NEVER final, failure is NEVER fatal. It's courage that counts. (John Wooden)
Last year, I had a long chat with a friend of mine about this very issue, how to remain focused as you follow your dreams. At this point, this friend of mine has become quite famous and is now a mentor to many about how to make it on your own terms. She told me how she focuses on her goals like she is shooting a water pistol at a ballon. It requires focused aim. She also noted that as soon as she loses her focus, she immediately sees it reflected in her success rate, her popularity and her income. To counter this, she has a personal policy that she calls "knife for life", not being afraid to 'say it like she sees it', fiercely choosing where she places her energy and with whom she spends her time.
They did “Shadrach” a few times and we screamed until we were hoarse, and avoided the crowd surfers and stage divers, and then they did a few other songs. And then they ran off, and it was over. Though we debated trying to get backstage (as die-hard groupies should), we instead basked in the magic and went to DuPar’s and went over every last detail of every last second of the night. And then all there was left to do was wait for our MTV debut.
Why a drastic change in this 15 years old boy? I am sure that his parents want the best for him too, wanting him to excel in his studies too and so on and so forth but the reality is if the parents' intentions are good then something must be wrong some where right?
Obama won't be having Bush and co. prosecuted for their use of torture (not new news, I know, but like I said, I've tried to keep my mouth shut). He said the use of torture showed America had "lost our moral bearings".
But thanks to my friends, I didn't have to wonder as to how my quilts did in the show. :-). Between Facebook posts and text messages, I knew that one of the two quilts I submitted had won a ribbon. I didn't know which quilt, nor what ribbon until I got back into town late Sunday afternoon and made it to the show. Yes, Ashante Rhythms won a 3rd Place Ribbon, in the wall art category of "people, portraits, animals of other recognizable forms"
We only recognize he’s there when we need him because we undervalue what we have to bring to the relationship.
Mention them even their smallest good things or Progress
I reference these two incidents as they both highlight Murphy's on-screen personality which he develops and really defines in the protagonist of the film, Axel Foley. The story of Beverly Hills Cop goes like this: Axel Foley is a streetwise, foul-mouthed detective from Detroit who heads down to the sunny, smog-infested streets of Los Angeles after one of his longtime friends comes to town for a visit. Foley is forced to take a leave of absence from work and follows the killer to, as you may have guessed, Beverly Hills. What happens next is a hilarious trek through the streets of Beverly Hills and L.A. that sees Foley get into all kinds of trouble including, but not limited to: a fight in a strip club, getting thrown through a glass window, getting arrested multiple times, being shot at and being chased at practically every turn. Short of robbing a liquor store, punching a hooker, and kicking a baby, Axel Foley does just about everything a guy can do to get into trouble in L.A.
It was not known if Mubarak was in the palace, one of at least three in Cairo, or even in the capital. The palace was protected by four tanks and rolls of barbed wire, but soldiers did nothing to stop more people from joining the rally.
If we are to gain Christ, we must always be found in Christ. In every situation, at every place, among every people, may we be found in Christ. Whether we are found by people, or angels and demons, we must be found only in Christ. It is our shame to be found in ourselves. Only Christ is pleasing to our Father and may everything that we do, be an expression of Christ in us.
"It’s unprecedented. There’s never been such a sharp drop in such a short period of time,” affirmed Myers.
His principle of “Utility” – his moral rule.
AMP has used up what good faith it once had. There is no reason for anyone to believe that AMP intends to pay its authors or staff. Whether these concerns are intentional on the owner's part or the result of some external factors that prevent her from understanding the potentially devastating consequences to her if she continues to play ducks and drakes with money that is not rightfully hers I cannot and do not know.
Santa Ana, CA - NIS America, Inc. announced this past Saturday that bunny drop Complete Series Premium Edition will release in North America this August. The series consists of 11 episodes on 2 Blu-rays and 2 DVDs. The Premium Edition comes in a highly collectable sturdy slipcase with the hardcover art book depicting the various joys and tribulations Daikichi & Rin experience during their first year together. Available at select online retailers: Right Stuf, The Anime Corner Store, Anime Pavilion, Anime Castle and NIS America’s Online Store.
I took Joe and Leo to Scouts at 7, and Kari took Jim with her. We worked on looking at books and seeing what achievements we needed for rank. A few of the boys are REALLY close. I pulled out a small table to work at outside, and I let the boys play tag. Worked out good. Then, the last 20 minutes, we talked about courage and choices. They had a lot of fun with that one too. A lot of talk about kicking the bad guys in the balls... Sigh. Boys. I kept having to say "We don't say ball sack at Cub Scouts..."
The B-Side is more of this totally weird, shitty microphones, distorted PA systems sound, I love that he's just freestyling with pump up banter like some kind of Bob Log pro wrestler.
I also wanted to tell you about this, so you could check out the gorgeous samples the girls over at "The Shabby Tea Room" Wow.. they have made some amazing projects!
I feel like I've been in a creative funk for the past few.. I don't know, months?
Later this week, positive examples of the How.
I know no greater delight than the sheer delight of being alone
I love Paris. Fact. So whenever the opportunity to take a sneaky trip arrives, I'm there with Gallic stripes on. Last week, I had the jammy luck of attending the launch Karl Lagerfeld's limited edition Diet Coke bottles a party atop the George Pompidou Centre.
(Of the superior shopper)
"I think any committed mother is one of the most important citizens."
Akira Kurosawa's Dreams
Welcome to another nutty day at VCC. Today's featured nuts are cashews and pine nuts. Cashews are a slightly sweet nut that are fantastic as a snack on their own (I love mine roasted and lightly salted personally). They are also wonderful ground up into a paste and used to make creamy soups, sauces and other dishes. Try making a tasty cashew dip with fresh lemon juice and fresh herbs. Just soak a big handful (maybe about a cup) of the cashews for an hour or more. Drain them and add them to a food processor or blender with 2 or 3 roasted garlic cloves, a little fresh lemon juice, a touch of thyme, oregano and if you like it spicy, add a bit of chipotle or cayenne pepper. This makes a tasty dip for veggies, pita chips or crackers. Cashews are an excellent source of selenium, a nutrient known for its anti-oxidant properties. These babies are a good source of iron. Each 1 oz. serving has 5 grams of protien. All of this and they are just tasty tasty tasty!
This was not really my week... Next week can only be better with lots of things to share with you.
Dr. Snyderman concludes her diatribe by focusing on her own fears, while wistfully clinging to the myth that vaccines will eradicate all infectious diseases in America - if only every man, woman and child would dutifully comply with doctors’ orders to “get vaccinated.”
And speaking of movies, did I tell you that we saw Hugo 3D? It was so much fun! I went to it as a reluctant participant, only going along because our friends had suggested it and I thought, "What the heck?" The 3D was exquisite and the detail pulled me in until I forgot that I existed. I highly recommend it, even though it's very expensive (I think) for a movie. $14 per adult! That's more than many people make in an hour! That's more than the net pay after two hours of work for a huge number of people!
Loud, deep, and lang, the thunder bellow'd:
Grandma (my mom) came over on Saturday and helped me clean the house (and by 'helped me' I mean she insisted on doing pretty much everything herself to save me from 'inhaling too much dust' and things like that!). That afternoon I had some 'bloody show' (I don't know what's grosser--that word combo or 'mucus plug!'), and I was sure that meant real labor had to be just around the corner.
We have a nation in which many young people are ignorant regarding sexual education. With many of our government schools unable to teach learners about health and sexuality, how can we expect the HIV and Aids epidemic to stop, or the rise in teenage pregnancies?
3. The Wisteria Scarf - Cavalier 3 parts Jun 1, 8, 15
RT @AvitalLeibovich: Since the beginning of 2012, an average of a rocket a day was launched from #Gaza into #israel. #terror #hamas RT @AvitalLeibovich: In past hour and a half:6 rockets were launched from #Gaza into #israel. No injuries or damage. #terror #hamas @TANNKA_jp thanks for your continuous support. Nice shooting
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 23, Waterloo Records, 5pm-Asylum Street Spankers-Exploring childhood from both kid and adult perspectives, the Spankers sing of the joys and anxieties of growing up-with some fresh, tasty Saint Arnold.
Registration rates rise by about ten percent thereafter.
Lots of people more or less believe in God. But most of us do our best to customize God to suit our convenience by adapting and modifying, making him “relevant to our situation.” Prophets insist that God is the living center or nothing. Our task is to become relevant to his situation. They insist that we deal with God as God reveals himself, not as we imagine him to be.
Plan A. With food.
The highlight of the park was this incredible vain girl we encountered. We watched as she spent ten minutes taking photos of herself. She did a variety of poses on the grass whilst her camera was set up on a chair. These poses included various ways of lying on the grass and bending her legs around a chair. My favorite was ‘look at me lying down and reading’ – you’re wearing sunglasses, making it too dark to read – then again, it was probably a ‘Where is Spot’ book. After this amount of time I decided to have some fun, so I started to start in the background of her pics, she now has several pictures of herself (amongst the millions she took) of me waving, doing star-jumps and taking pictures of her taking pictures of herself. After this I’m sure she went to get a lettuce leaf or summat for lunch.
*I reserve the right to refuse ads based on products, ad image or copy, or store being featured.
But tonight as I was talking about the day with the girls, Sofie said the absolute best part was climbing trees with her friends. It was all part of practicing for being firemen when they are grown up apparently.
Throne of Glass by Sarah J. Maas
206Alone can rival, can succeed to thee.
"When?" I asked.
Keep your plans flexible and if he comes home exhausted and just wants to watch TV instead of eating that gorgeous picnic you had planned, that’s ok, work with it! A proposal in the lounge room is still a proposal!
This past Friday I visited Limestone Branch, a new micro-distillery in Lebanon, Kentucky. Its proprietors are brothers Steve and Paul Beam, who are descended from both the Beams (Minor Case Beam via Guy Beam) and the Dants (Joseph Washington Dant via William Washington Dant).
(Just enter the word "malimlin" to see their various offer).
i go you go, my dear; and whatever is done
“Jan Deblieux, the victim’s mother testified that she was not involved in a lawsuit filed by her daughter’s estranged husband.”
So when this young, really fit guy crawled on next to me, I took notice. Trying not to seem too stalker-ish, I noticed a few things about him. He was obviously familiar with the weight lifting equipment. But there was something more than that. He seemed really well rounded. Like one of those super athletes you see on TV, completing ironman races.
For many people, anger is expressed when they feel out of control. What I find with a lot of adoptees, though, is that they use anger to feel in control. This is why the child may react with anger or rage after a period of calm or when he has shared intimacy with a parent. This may trigger feelings of vulnerability in him, which he defends against by getting mad and physically or psychologically pushing you away. The anger is used to help him feel safe. When parents respond with anger, it confirms to the child that people can’t be trusted and that the world is a threatening place.
Hi Friends, Wanted to Share with you all a Couple of Cards that my Little Grand Children made for their Mommy. (Which is my Daughter).
clove, nutmeg, allspice, ginger (I just sprinkle these over the dry ingredients, it’s probably about 1/4-1/2 t of each )
*B has been very sick this week. We have spent a lot of time on the couch together watching fascinating TV such as Say Yes to the Dress and What Not to Wear. I am completely ready for her wedding and I will dress the part.
For example, TO DIE FOR covers the ground of people who are driven to be famous because they have no skills for anything else, and honestly believe adoration of strangers will make them better people. What is the difference? Flat out: what Nicole Kidman does to become famous is interesting, funny, and ultimately shocking, while what Jones and Zellweger do is predictable, tedious, and unpleasant. Also, Kidman's character honestly believes in the ridiculous platitudes she espouses, so we laugh at her naievete, but the CHICAGO girls seem to know what they are professing is bullshit, and so how can we invest any interest in it if they can't even believe in their own philosophy?
Alternate: The Road
TAGS PGOV, PINR, SF
This is the fourth installment in the Wicked Lovely series. I think that they seem to get better with each new book. I can't wait to read this one!
You people make war and then complain.
Don't let them decide for you. Be unafraid, be willing to challenge yourself. Be John Galt.
Let it ferment 12-15 hours.
The Obama administration recently issued a 38-page paper stating that Obama is not in violation of the War Powers Act because “U.S. operations do not involve sustained fighting or active exchanges of fire with hostile forces, nor do they involve U.S. ground troops.” Under this argument, President Obama could preemptively launch nuclear weapons against any country in the world without Congressional approval. Obviously, this is not what the Founders intended!
In October 2007, I entered a contest on gather.com — Court TV Search for the Next Great Crime Writer contest. The winner of the contest would win a $5,000 advance and a publishing contract. My entry, More Deaths Than One, was not a detective story, and it certainly is not a cozy mystery, but it is the story of a crime: identity theft. This theft is an actual theft of a man’s identity, not a paper one. So it did fit with the contest, though from reading the first chapter (all that was posted online for the contest), many people assumed it was a supernatural tale — as the blurb says, When Bob Stark returns home after spending eighteen years in Southeast Asia, he discovers that his mother Lydia Loretta Stark is dead again. When he attends her second funeral, he sees his brother, his college girlfriend, and . . . himself.
I am a fan of Valentine’s Day. Not buying lots of “cute” stuff (cards and stickers excepted). Not demanding a demonstration of your admiration of me (although voluntary actions will be appreciated). Not going out to eat (why would I want to eat with a million other people around?). Not celebrating a saint or saints. But I do like celebrating relationships…friends, family, and others. Happy Valentine’s Day to you when it comes around.
We're a small class - about a dozen of us "adult beginners", all told. And we rank from White Belts (that would be me) all the way up to Brown Belts, who are more assistant teachers than students.
Tor Books, 2011
This week I have challenged myself to write one letter every day. Would you like to join in the challenge? You could just write a single letter if a letter a day seems too daunting. The point is to revive the seemingly-archaic art of writing a letter. I miss letters. So instead of sulking, I'm going to write some.
The legislation in force and passed before approving this Constitution remain in force until they are amended in accordance with its provisions, provided that the amendment is done within a period of no longer than 3 years.
I made a flower using a piece of circle felt and blanket stitches sewn with Peapod twine and then added a button as the flower center. I really like how this turned out!
“And when Peter was come up to Jerusalem, they that were of the circumcision contended with him.”
IMS an independent broker based in Spain says unlike the national data our completions for the year on year February 2011 versus 2012 are up 28%.
28 Feb 2012: Shops and buildings in Boutilimit destroyed by a gas canister explosion and fire, and continued to burn for several hours, while waiting for a fire truck from Nouakchott, which broke down en route.
There is as yet no “one size fits all” signal in the neurocircuitry that a person is lying, but it does appear that brain scans are better at revealing “tells” than is watching someone fidget and sweat under questioning. Identifying the right combination of brain signals for a high rate of accuracy when a person lies or hides the truth is still in the future, but possibly not far away.
Pre-K
The book does highlight some interesting issues that will make your peepers pop & kick your brain cells into gear, so yes, in a sense, I am more aware of certain things, would like to try out healthier options, try switch up certain bad eating habits with good ones, but honestly, it didn’t change my life, I didn’t convert to anything overnight. The Power that got me curious to read the book wasn’t powerful over me. I’m not sure if that disappoints me or if it pleases me to generally know better than to have a book convert me as soon as I read the last page.
For anyone who likes modern day thrillers with a mystical, historical flavour then this is a good read. The plot is fast paced and the use of small punchy chapters rattles you through with quick speed being very episodic between the various characters and interweaving plot lines. A bit Dan Brown in style. And will you find out what "The Sacrament" is, the secret the monks so carefully protect from the outside world - and why do they keep it so secret? One thing I did find - the beginning of the book felt like there had been slightly more time spent on the descriptions of places, events, feelings etc. and this died of as the plot pace increased - a shame I thought it one of the highlights at the start and did set it apart from the likes of Dan Brown and others who are a bit bereft in that department at times.
Women showing the highest methylation levels affecting the ATM gene were twice as likely to develop breast cancer compared with those with the lowest levels. In some cases the changes were evident up to 11 years before a breast tumour was diagnosed.
Chopped fresh parsley
You've touched my life in more ways you know
Believe me when I say that none of that happens if it’s ‘just a cough.’
Thanks Bridget for the pick! I'm interested to see how other bakers changed up the flavors! Check out the other Tuesdays with Dorie bakers!
Hi, my name is Cassandra. Remember me?
how the house dons full camouflage gear,
B: GMA News’ Arnold Clavio
290 12. Book Review: Subrahmanyan Chandrasekhar, Newton’s “Principia” for the Common Reader. The Great Ideas Today, vol. 1997, pp. 448-54 (Encyclopedia Britannica, 1997). See Item C-1997(1), above.
The winner will be chosen via random.org, by your comment #. US and Canadian residents ONLY please.
Any please stay tuned if you can, thank-you again, love and peace to you, your families and all.
The piece was an advertorial for the much trumpeted (by the cheerleading BBC) publication of his ‘Commission on Assisted Dying’ final report this Thursday which he tells us will provide a ‘possible way forward, which addresses the need for safeguards’ for the legalisation of assisted suicide in Britain.
This same thing goes for debt slavery peonage and a bunch of other systems. The book sort of works in this way from pre civil war up until the author concludes slavery actually ended around 1943 or so.
Fifth, LinkedIn will be very useful to you after college when you are out in the business world. It will help your career. In the same way that farmers plant seeds months before anyone eats the food, you will need to create, grow and develop your LinkedIn profile and network before there is a direct need of it. An important future use will be to search your extended network (your contacts have contacts who in turn have contacts).
A Dram Shop Notice is a special letter that tells the establishment or person who served the alcohol that a claim for damages is being made against the establishment, a description of the time, place, and circumstances giving rise to the claim, and the name and mailing address for the person making the claim. If the drunk driving led to not just an injury, but death, then you have a year instead of 180 days. Basically, a Dram Shop Notice will hold a bar owner responsible for not training employees according to the OLCC’s guidelines regarding intoxicated drinkers.
Knoll is recognized internationally for creating resident and workplace furnishings that inspire, evolve and endure. Our commitment to innovation and modern design has yielded a comprehensive portfolio of furniture for the home, office systems, seating, files and storage, tables and desks, wood casegoods, textiles and accessories. At Knoll, we watch how the modern office is evolving, and we make furniture that responds and adapts to changing needs. We’re thinking about the emergence of a new workplace climate, the meaning of new workplace planning models and how ecological principles inform our product designs.
A peek into our dining room built in. I designed it to match the style of the kitchen cabinets. The window above is at an awkward height, but it is a dark room, so I didn't want to close it in. I love how this turned out. It displays my inherited china and glassware so beautifully. It has a lot of needed storage too.
Happy New Year, by the way!
he somehow found that in me
He did good today.
Thansk for stopping by.
Thank you and happy shopping!
Quick! It’s almost Thursday, but if you act fast, you can still have a Week to Remember:
I’m generally easy to impress when it comes to movies but Thor was much better than I was expecting, especially from a character that really hasn’t peaked my interests before, and as a lover of Marvel comics that should probably tell you something.
Regardless! I’ve got two weeks left of spring semester, then summer semester starts June 4th, and ends July 6th or so; then I graduate! I’m done! But I feel as if I should be kicking into high gear to transfer to a university for my Bachelors degree. But it’s the end of April, so I’m way late for doing anything, seems like. We will see how things turn out Tuesday when I meet with the pastor. Life is so crazy, I swear!
As he is sipping his beer, a skinny guy walks in wearing a pair of glasses with tape around the middle, a pocket protector with twelve kinds of pens and pencils, and a belt that is at least a foot too long. The bartender, without saying a word, pulls out a shotgun and blows the guy away.
Until tomorrow, more Sam photos!
Who cares? We've got the songs, there'll be enough for everybody. All of my problems are solved.
3. Pour into a colander lined with three layers of cheesecoth. Hang over bowl for several hours or overnight, until no more juice drips from bag.
This is a nice, no... A Great Halloween Horror flick. Why it's obscure I don't know, but it really shouldn't be. 9/10.
"What's your favorite book?"
We both chose the young cockerel for our main course. This dish (per person) consisted of two large breasts of cockerel and a cockerel leg served with green rice, avocado salsa and a paprika source.
You can right-click on the white guide and lock it in place to keep it from moving while you are working. Make sure this is the top layer of your project before printing.
Now I'm sitting on my makeshift bed staying up way too late on my last night in America for a little while. I'm bopping across a few oceans to spend just over a month back at Visthar. Obviously this reality has yet to hit me. I mean... yeah. I don't even know what to say. I get to go back to Visthar. After 30-something taxing hours of traveling alone (and those who know me know how I LOOOVE to fly...) I will once again be able to step onto the ground of beloved Visthar. I am so incredibly happy, but I also feel unworthy of this privilege. There are so many who have gone before and after me who would kill to get to go back to that oasis, so I feel like I don't deserve to be that person. However, I guess the best I can do is try to make something of this opportunity. I hope I can do that. (P.S. SJPD 09, I will be thinking of you all. How could I not be?)
God knows the pride that burrows itself into our hearts; the tentacles it wraps around us as we seek fulfillment in accomplishments, in tasks completed, in people depending on us. I’ve written it before and yet need the reminder of my own words:
Then I gave it a quick coat with the base color again. The top is textured and I wanted to keep the lines crisp, this way the base coat fills all the cracks instead of the pattern color. I didn't let it dry all the way before applying the leaf color - which was the base color mixed with white.
It was pretty intense.
I make short films. It's a passion and a disability. It's made it hard for me to enjoy watching movies. I respect the craft and I'm an enemy to mediocrity. I have always been offended by the mainstream. When it shapes the reality of a society that is home to me and the creator of dreams worldwide it's hard not to see it's a parasite that perpetuates delusional future catastrophy.
From the limelight of aging barriers
The trailer sheds no light on why Bane wages war against Gotham, but reportedly Bane is working in league with Ra’s al Ghul, played with such Zen-like menace by Liam Neeson in Batman Begins. The good news is that Tom Hardy’s garbled voice that freaked everyone out after the second trailer has been cleared up and sounds pretty cool.
Before we rest in slow motion slumber
New British defamation bill ‘will put a stop to libel tourism’ by shaking up old laws
And it varies greatly if we are talking about the big publishers versus the small independents.
The case already has produced evidence that Thorpe — an athlete who piled up superlatives like so many sweat socks — must have had the wackiest funeral of all time.
Rocky's favorite books are the Diary of a Wimpy Kid series of "graphic" novels. I have to say this is genious! Simple, fun "kid's life" stories with doodle-style cartoons to illustrate the most serious or funniest moments. Last year, when the movie came out, Rocky and I had a "date" and went to see it. It was way funnier than I thought it would be. This year, they came out with a sequel, and you know we'll have to go see it!
interceptions he throws if he wants to have a chance at having a successful pro career.
The liberal elites — mainline churches, universities, elements of the media, labor leaders — have been complicit in these sad developments. Unable to ameliorate the naked self-interest of financial and corporate elites, they have clung to their own small privileges while no longer serving a useful role. They simply do not deliver for the broad population as they used to do, and in failing to do so they have become despised by many in the working and middle classes. As Chris Hedges puts it,
Second one: if I wasn’t conditioned I couldn’t be controlled. I would ask a lot of uncomfortable questions – questioning authority, the very way I live and the world I live in. I wouldn’t buy things that are in the ads, I wouldn’t occupy my mind chasing money or fame or women, I wouldn’t be a slave to meaningless impulses. I wouldn’t be a sheep that everyone wants to. People don’t want rebels – they’re uncomfortable to live with.
she bounced and cheered and screamed.
Do I have to be cocky or flamboyant this time
Elegant Edges Cricut cart - heart1 @ 3 1/2" (oblong and shadow features)
This was my project class in July. It uses the Nature Walk stamp set from the Mini catalogue (page 24).
1. The chosen people of God were hypocrites by speech
My website, annrobinsontextiles.com, serves as a gallery and as a direct communication link. The interactive process between the artist and the interested party begins with a communication (personal, telephone, email) outlining what s/he has in mind, a piece on the site or a custom option.
VPVKJ Blog (vpvkjblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
Egg Yolk Pattern:
She apologized for calling at such a late hour but wanted to contact me ASAP as she had just received a message from Tokyo offering me an early departure spot to you guessed to KOBE CITY!!!
Happy stamping,
After completing my morning kitchen chores, I took my own coffee and morning tea out onto our front porch. Enjoying some outdoor air and a brief patch of sunshine. On my lap sat 'The Handbook of Nature Study' by Anna Botsford Comstock, opened to the chapter on Birds. As I read, I watched the honey-eaters enjoying their morning in our red wattle bush.
***Three hours of beginner basics for $55.00 using your machine.
Nehru appeared to be just as much in minority in the new cabinet as in the old. But instead of accepting political defeat, Nehru threw down the gauntlet. Addressing the Youth Congress (a misnomer even then –– most of the ‘youth’ leaders were in their 40s!) meeting in March 1948, Nehru blamed the government for ‘making brother’s hand uncleaned in fraternal blood’ warning that ‘if not with reform, the payment will be in the currency of revolution’. Ten days later, the president told the nation that he had asked Nehru to step down as the economy minister (he was replaced by Rajendra Prasad, a relatively unknown legislator).
Kate Forsyth first appeared on this blog a couple of years ago when I reviewed her enchanting children's fantasy 'The Puzzle Ring'. I'm very pleased to welcome her back this week, and to review her latest book - for adults this time - 'Bitter Greens'. It's a fabulous mix of history, fantasy and fiction: suitably, as its heroine is a storyteller par excellence, the French writer Mademoiselle Charlotte-Rose de Caumont de la Force (1654-1724), best known as the author of the fairytale ‘Persinette’ (1698), which later was adopted by the Brothers Grimm as the famous ‘Rapunzel’.
The quarter finals continue tonight, Voice fans! On teams Blake and Xtina, some of the probable winners unexpectedly choked and were sent packing before the voters could save them, making the show way more interesting. Will we see similar upsets happen to the shoo-ins on Teams Adam and Cee-Lo? Let’s see….
* Carefully pull the vacuum out of where it has been stored. You know you want it.
I can make a mean cinnamon roll. And oh, sweet baked goods, how I love them.
Quite incredibly, the EPA issued a positive report on May 1, 2012 regarding the safety and toxicity of various dispersants use in the BP Gulf Oil Spill. Included in this assessment was the use of Corexit. This report “indicated that all eight dispersants had roughly the same toxicity, and all fell into the “practically non-toxic” or “slightly toxic” category.
Awnings all around. Whenever possible, we park so our street-side wall faces north or east and misses the hot afternoon sun. Our curb-side wall gets shaded by our awning. Our next RV will also have awnings for all the windows. Glass radiates a lot of heat to the inside of an RV.
So that's about it! Thank you for coming on this long needleturn ride with me. Please don't hesitate to ask any questions, I'm not that good at writing clear instructions so I'm hoping I haven't confused more than helped, but it has been fun xo
One of these days, I will be able to look outside and really see the accomplishment of hard work that I have put into the yard. Hours are spent weeding, raking, planting...and it is never work for me. I think if I had my way, I would be out in the yard all day long. There is just something so spiritual about being in the midst of nature. It seems easier to tap into that when you're right in the middle of it. I sometimes have to remind myself that all that wonder exists when I am stuck inside scrubbing a floor or doing the dishes. Yet, I know that I can find the spiritual side in those simple things too. It's just that I have to remind myself to do so a bit more.
If that's not enough FUN, we have more!! We thought it would be fun for our first challenge and to help introduce our new team members we'd have a blog hop!! Here's the hopping order! Be sure to stop by and leave some love and see all the Bugaboo inspiration as Bugaboo also generously gave the Flutter By Team digi's to play with~
You may fail, but you’ll fail on your terms. Oh, and failure WILL come. So will rejection, so will disappointment. Get up and carry on anyway, in spite of them.
Kaotoxin Records is an up-and-coming French label specialising in extreme metal, and has already put out releases by bands like Brutal Truth, Gronibard, Lycanthrophy, Magrudergrind and many more. M3 contacted label manager Nico for an insight into independent distribution, and to discuss the definition of ‘art’ in the digital age, the pros and cons of copyright and the label’s history…
Hope that you are doing well and thanks for reading!
We’ve a few things in common, of course. Some, I imagine, are due to being blood related and brought up in the same environment. Some are due to our age. And some, like the reason she’s here for this visit, are by chance and a choice.
