Thanks alot bro
alright will do :)
your right. So sad
Today is when Unicorns should make their debut and on March 14th dragons will come to life.
We thank all for the support and kind words for our show's 1st episode. Now, onward to producing the series!
Gotta love track practice
I want one!
why in the fuck are u rt like go get A LIFE YOYO BITCH
Thank you--so glad to hear your dinner went well.
but hes not famous right???? Do u know him???
night :D
I been doing that for years! Glad to see your starting! :)
congratulations on making it to #15 on the best seller list for the week of April 22nd
omigod! i am back on twitter! i have been given the over capacity for more than a week! yay! tweeting again...
I still don't get why you'd be your best friend's BROTHER's best man...
Great being connected with you. Would like to talk about social media sometime.
I changed my profile description. That shit's hard to do! But necessary. I can feel myself trying to hard to be funny/honest/cool.
Got my graduation dress today(:
love it bro!! You going to dump your protein down throat!!!
Thanks, Didn't know about that one, and most of my links are for photography gear anyway. Will switch over from
d Chris has his shirt. Thanks.
bray that my lil brother sir that just fucking wroge <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
First Career Day at only 5. Yeah!!! Junior High School in Brooklyn May 27, 2011.
LA is always good to me. Shout out to the homie for the hospitality. Ok, studio time.
Send me the flyer...I'll come through and give them a piece..heck with my breathing these days that's all I can get out..lol
8 million views in 24 hours! the best!! Follow me please
Q6. First Twitter friend you've met or hope to meet in real life
#realmajor : is studying for a really hard midterm as I color in my journal for dance class.
Ikr if she could see me rn she'd be glad I wasnt in school hahah... anyway are you serious? what didnt she like?(x
I know, you missed me :) You should have come over after your 5k on Friday :)
WTF Pittsburgh? I've been evacuated from campus buildings 3 times today.
Getting back into the swing of things is easier than it looks ... My body is in another time zone
Watching people take 's tweets out of context and/or simply "not get it" is the best comedy you'll find all day
Oh, crap. Just realized that a Texas TD means the defense has to go back on the field.
the tag is #flashontap RT i think we all need to come up with an unique #tag for so we all stay connected :D
Had a small issue with someone trying to steal this account... Sorry for the last week of missed shows!
ne icon :D
I'M SO HAPPY RIGHT NOW
The DMV is a crazy place. Lmbo & these ppl!!!
Happy Good Friday! Saying that always seems weird...
Try balsamic vinegar & detergent in a jar. Stretch film with small holes in it. They go in, can't escape. Gd luck!
using me how jfc
good workout with
yes! i got the day off so im staying all day there!! :D you?
she's 12
u def used that 1 on me dick !!!hahah
FYI: Fountains of Wayne's 1996 album is great from start to finish. One of my faves. I didn't have the guts to say that to their faces.
Badger game meets all day Milwaukee Hour specials today! I love when awesome things like that happen! ;)
but I don't WANNA leave early, I wanna sleep in!
Park is always fun with my boys (:
ok so i just follow them or something wat should i do
I love this girl. and if u say my love U'll all love this wonderful girl also. She truly is amazing :')
Its fine.
I would be willing to sacrifice protocol for a hug from Michelle Obama.
Still doin HOMEWORK ! -,-
RT Seattle creativity is the best....ask my friends
Dexter kills Miguel :/
enjoying your #alamw tweets!
Woke up quick at about 12pm lol
waking up & chillen to some #Sublime <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
is still wondering if the geniuses at Mumbai remembered their viagra within their drugballs, as those 72 virgins aint gonna hump themselves.
I am a movie fanatic...all time favorite movie is Animal House.
Thanks. Yes, email meRT great presentation! Any chance you can make it publicly available
Better now? (lishost) one of the servers was fubar for a while. Load is back to normal now, and your site looks good
Getting ready for #neara11 in chicago! We leave on Wed! Should be fun to listen to the debates and speeches!
Good morning America! :) it's gonna be a great day
Happy May Day to you too Babe! I wish you worker justice all year long too :-)
Whats been up Bro? Check in on you for a minute...
so awesome! You guys must be on cloud 9! :)
Last Rose Bowl reference, a record 83 points scored last night. Badgers & Spartans have now stormed ahead of that pace (on pace to score 90)
Hipsters are all out in uptown tonight! Nice weather is the ticket for hipster sightings.
Thanks for following and Welcome!
That's a woman's right to choose, right?
I'm so ready for summer. :D
happy birthday mine is tomorrow :p
Not surprised at all that there was a Plan B commercial during the Jersey Shore.
PSA: ladies, this is a "attitude free" zone! So don't attempt to gain attention by acting the fool! U will get fired before you get hired!
A video with a message is good. A well created video with a message is the best.
Sketchy wi-fi is KILLING me. Finally turned it off and am using cellular.
that really means a lot!<3 (:
Lol okay so my babe wants me to post something cute....But what's cuter then him? :3
yeah i guess thats true lol its still depressing though:P
thanks for following!
Hey, Edgar Winter just won Best Cinematography!
sure (: you'll be the main characters best friend (: lemme make a twitlonger form for you
29 more followers until 100! Tell your friends and family to follow us!
takes away any suspense of player not wanting to sign with team drafted him (elway, eli, etc) correct?
You good my guy...what's goin on
Living Is The Most Important Thing...#ToMeRightNow!
thank you! I am so amazed by this whole experience!
Why did the apologize to it's his fault he fucked up his hand
The #altac version: RT : Back alley DH: helping people w/o making commitments ... that interfere with [the job that pays bills]
Your avi = Much love! #ASSEMBLE!
When people give me them big jump on hugs >>>>
Of course loses her phone in the mall
off to PDX. I am planning on eating one item out of every food truck I see. I want to come back 900lbs heavier.
Robert Greer Jr. Needs to come home NOW! I miss my brother <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Teehee! I'm in better shape! RT : It is embarrassing when a pregnant is kicking my butt on the ski slopes.
Back then, artists made tons on touring (though most blew it all). This was before the 360s...
wow that rocks!
My mom when talking about our 3.5 m/o washer that's broken..."You try calling them. You're way more ornery than Adam." Thanks mom...
DEATH TO JOFFERY.
I need to find a better dog sitter next time I leave town... the neighbors did a better job then my roommate! And she's my sister! Lol
“: That extremely annoying moment, when you're behind a slow walker & there's no way around them” Just Like Work!!'
Yep Mujica is terrible
He sent me an autographed picture and baseball when I was eight years old, as a condition of getting out of a speeding ticket.
Thank you for the incredible Dallas pictures! I loved that I was able to experience it with my daughters!
uh you should have been with me at d&bs Thursday night...lol
Easy there, babe ruthless...
I really wish I knew what was going on! Ah
Who is trying to hoop today?
Just saw a guy wearing a full tilt hat. Major tool.
Well my room is hotter than hell , Imma #Migrate to a coldest room in tha house:)
My cousin is pregnant ^_^ I think she's like 2 to 3 months and she's hoping for a girl!!! Congrats L & A <U+2665>
Friday!!! It's Friday!! What are your plans??
Your mind will answer most questions if you learn to relax and wait for the answers. ~William S. Burroughs
New day new blessing. Don’t let yesterdays failures ruin beauty today, each day has its own promise of love and joy. GOOD MORNING
Looking forward to the Army-Navy game!!! See you all there.
The weather has gotten hot here in Philly, but on a cooler day, I'd take it too!
ugh fine, only cause it really is past my bedtime :P
thank you!
"...we cannot simply eat, sleep, hunt and reproduce--we are meaning-seeking creatures." --Jeanette Winterson (2/2)
This morning dove is still chirpin' outside my window. Get with it bird, it's 2:30! Or adapt an afternoon call.
I don't even know what to say to that...
We play a gig every week next month thats freakin perfect
Chicago, I'm playing a few songs & hosting a show tonight at lizard's liquid lounge. No cover, no attitude, bring your pup--it'll be grand!
Heading to a final lunch in Sparks for this academic year.
Obama has seen Key and Peele's Anger Translator sketch!
Game recognize game and you lookin unfamiliar Lmao
Try to teach my dog a new secret handshake
i love that she just said "snot"
If everyone walked around with their orgasm face, no one would ever get laid
it was clutch free throws.
Compared to say, Cleveland State, they do. Thanks for such a great event.
Nice to meet you too!
you were the only person who said something about drake on my timeline . it'd be SICK if you guys did a song together (:
|#quotes Success is not built on success. It's built on failure. It's built on frustration. Sometimes its built on catastrophe.
CHEAA RT : March 16th live Columbia, TN Its going down!! My Guy hittng it too!
So I'm about to eat dinner by my self <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
So nice to feel productive by the end of the day!
I'm following ur every move
You don't realize you haven't been breathing in fresh air until you do, in the middle of beautiful, nowhere America.
Thanks to for paying us a visit!
Tip of the day: comfort is correlated with numbers.
noo you say both n y'all is the niggas that's garbage
IS GETTING HER ASS HANDED TO HER ON FACEBOOK UNDER EVERY POST SHE TYPES. LOL
In our time it was rare to find a group of young men working so rapidly to develop themselves.
of course they were so beautiful!!
dead air. Lambaugh. Makes my Blood Pressure go up
Oh no!! Are you still coming to Chicago?!?! =\
No, I'm an idiot! Trust me on this. :-)
oh, sweetheart, do you know my son Seanie? (aka B.C.)
Complaining is good for you as long as you're not complaining to the person you're complaining about.
wish I could have made it
Just got evicted from my cubicle without a 5 day notice, too lifted to care. All I need is a computer and my work.
Wow! That's great news. You guys are awesome.
ohh i no ill will bitch the shit out of them lol trust me i am in that mood sorry switched twitters!
I don't know why I even bother to try and nap. My phone rings off the hook and I'm a dumbass that won't turn it off in case of emergency.
Hmm..Apparently J-lo and Cameron didn't listen to Edith.
hey hey :) I am hungry, thinking a trip to mcdonalds shall fix that? Join me?
pick a night...a location...I'm there!
ramen noodles like a boss
My WTF gestures are usually returned with the middle finger "You're Number On!" gesture. I just try to love.
LEDs are a simple way to transform lighting and improve the well being of the enviroment.
"Whatever makes you feel bad, leave it. Whatever makes you smile, keep it"
I keep trying to use the password for the store I was in last week at this store. Not working out too well
Don't sleep on Mumford & Sons!
I can't wait for your book #ACCELERATED to come out! I've always believed in the over-medication of Americans.. but kids too?
nd I are so sexy nd were single(;
you let me down time after time so its no point anymore im saying fuck it!!
my professors always joke about that.
Going to be honest-- doesn't feel like the postseason when Detroit is first team out. Success of that organization is unparalleled.
There's a wedding dress sale I'm going to buy it now lmao
WELCOME to the Best City In The World! We welcome you with open arms!!!!
i suck at blogging.. i know!
Man you are combative huh?
Guess who's back? :)
the party is HERE tonight Thirsty Thursdays with host and and guest DJs drinks specials, beer pong and much more
oh lol I kept tryna find you... Why u deleted it....
Publishing books is a lot like wildcatting - you do your best work every day and you have no idea which one will hit, but one will.
Just watched Nashville by made me want to cry. I miss Nashville so much!
Happy Easter!
very moving piece. he really was an innovator
I Wan't "Sasha" Tatted On Me.
aww man wish I could send u one :'(
No one said it would be easy... but c'mon I just want some ketchup!
Glad to hear it! Hope set-up went smoothly and you had everything you needed! Enjoy your well-deserved nap!
it depends on the project. sometimes both.
Read up Spammers i dont want an i phone an i pad or freaking 6 flags tickets!! Get freakin LOST !!!!!!!!!!
guys can you please give me a shoutout and i promise ill give you one ? <3
- What type of lock are you looking for? Let us know how we can help!
stop it okay I don't care and she's not ugly get over yourself and if you think she's ugly .. Honey takes one to know one
“: #Leo's are extremely understanding and respect honesty.”
Kinda cool to hear the diversity of ur audience with each topic.
Palomar at Pritzker Pavillion in Millennium Park today at noon. Recording the first installment in our composer alive toronto project
ILL show tonight
and just retweeted me. this day could literally get no better.
MVC presentation by is the very best so far. Wish every PHP developer could hear it.
Shout out to amazing work!! Keep it up! I definitely will be buying a shirt from them soon! You should too.
PDF to Word conversions; spreadsheet editing and formatting; editing and animation of slide presentations.
its en route
as they say 'bring it on'
My Valentine is in Belise doing rhinoplasties, cleft palate, scar revisions &other surgeries for charity. Can't wait til u come home.
If you're ever in Lakewood it will be waiting for you. :)
Learning about #cloudcomputing from one of the best at #techinmotionphilly!
Life isn't always sunshine and butterflies. Sometimes you got to learn to smile through the pain.
#josh Hamilton y wasn't he in home run Derby
I'm sexi & I know it...I work out! Wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle...yeah!!! #favSuperBowlcommercial :)
Just be yourself
From my guy Presto: Big East Conf. Commissioner John Marinatto resigns. Under his tenure the league stopped being Big, East & a Conference.
Well I wasn't home, and I think racing is boring :P
This weekend has been the weekend of Evernote. Just now am I fully realizing its potential.
Yep, that was pretty much what I imagined.
No pardons for our turkey this year. We need a delicious stuffing-delivery vehicle.
purgatory will probably be jim mora "analyzing" cam newton. "is this guy chewing gum? i like this guy. he's a winner."
Just watched DayToday New York... I wana party with and Turn Up!!!
Miami needs to trade Chris Bosh next season!
Thanks for the follow. We love baking with bourbon!
People piss me off.
Amanda and I booked a commercial together, today! Very cool.
"Welcome To Sitcom! :-D" RT : I have just made this up: "Olive Garden Level Sitcom" and I release it into the public domain
I could not love the #DriveInMob any more than I do.
Once more w/feeling. The Paul Ryan plan. Romney's campaign. A bra without an underwire. Things that do not support you.
Uh oh. Woke up with a sore throat. I will not be sick, I will NOT be sick!
It costs nothing, the information is priceless, and we like to think that we're pretty good speakers. Invite us to your next San Diego meet.
heard that!!
me too I just wish I could watch it!
Too much talk about #RIM's comeback, IMHO. I'm not expecting any major competitive differentiators. MAYBE for businesses, not consumers.
That kid was sharp!
I'll fix your pc for a fair price. Just call me at 404-702-2865.
I need some where to go to watch the game my tv too damn small!
Music Video shoot for Falling Up Ft. Nina Luv begins tomorrow
yea but you would have to lob in a pitch to throw a strike without someone to frame your pitch for the ump or walk sceeyone
There is a whole lotta unfortunate cleavage in our nation's capital.
Bet that kitchens hot.
Yes! The lemon bars were to-die-for. We gobbled up every citrus-y bite :)
Peyton greatest role model athlete ever?
How I Met Your Mother marathon with my son all weekend. Catching up. Ba dud daa duh baa dah da dah.
Yes let's have a party for the amazing twitter kim.
Would You Testify If You Seen A Murder
with powerful jerks driving them haha but yea that is true
I just can't stop listening to My Kinda Party by Jason Aldean!
Winds have died down a bit but we have a few rain drops - either that or they just released something foul from the plane that flew over us
awesome! thanks!
hi Niall. you don't now me but I'm just your future wife, nbd.
That's one of those places where you can be a regular for a year and they would never hook it up on the tab.
A big THANK YOU to everyone who gave during the Get Up & Give North Texas Giving Day! We'll have more information on the final numbers soon.
We got to this point by listening to & caring about the people Walker has hurt & neglected. Do it again, please.
I hate cocky ppl n naw it isnt confidence mf.
Should I be surprised at all the strange looking people at Moontower Comedy Festival?
rats!! it'll be online, soon :)
Can yu follow and let her know that i told yu to follow her! xo thankss so much
RT : Awesome lesson with !! He's the best at finding an audition song. //Thanks... Singers like you make it easy!
he a wings fan? Lomio was a Nathan's fan for sure
I found out I was expecting. Due July 5 live the morning sickness. Not! I joined Facebook you should look me up.
Going to carve my punkin now!
Making my Ian Kinsler t-shirt look business casual.... #openingdayproblems #GoRangers!!!
Val Nasedkin tearing it up right now. Hitting it on the head!
you are lookin' amazingly fit-- Team Reshape is proud of you! Keep up the good work :)
THERE IS A HOLE IN MY SWEATER. WHERE IS ????
Game of Thrones. Mad Men. Sherlock. Veep. Girls. Also, probably COPS if you looked.
can't wait 2 c u dance again.. Good luck.... Is ur mom gonna b their 2 c u dance again?
Target your social media posts to your audience. Keep on-topic & save things like baby pictures & vacation plans for your personal pages.
sweet! just bought the adsit/jet show only. may play the other shows by ear as it gets closer.sorta wanna c janeane garafolo
You guys are awesome!
#EarthFair going Strong
aw...how cute that b/c you're younger than me...you think you're hipper than me. haha.
I just really wish i would randomly fall asleep like i did last night.
Dear PG Cougars, In the words of the Partridge family, "I think I love you"
It's almost time to party!!! We're ready for you Chi-town!!!
Just got burnt driving in the car for about 20 minutes.
Still don't believe that 'winking' and 'criticizing' are mutually exclusive.
I thought I texted it to you sweetie. I'll dm it to you.
nothing like playoff hockey, and witnessing the ovechkin beheading in person...
#SophomoreYearTaughtMe in never going to use geometry in my life.
I can't be bothered that you unfollowed me, you have 60 followers and bad taste <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
yea sorry my iPad was 3% battery and I had to find my charger
me too, but still waiting for my every-other-day itunes updates, and so excited to see what the new java update is going to bring
Thanks for getting back to me.
Landed a few interviews this week.
SHdc launching soon, are you are an up and coming or seasoned poker player? Want to have your story told? Let us know!
We are live at Milly's Tavern in Manchester, NH tomorrow night!! We can't wait to see our New England friends again!
Watching the "Party On, Garth" episode right now and laughing hard enough to shoot whiskey from my nose.
“: In one month we lost Etta James, Don Cornelius, and Whitney Houston. All in black history month, unbelievable.”
I wanted to febreze homless people today but we didn't have any. Was gonna use axe, but "axing homeless people" doesn't sound very good.
alright. cool. whats up?
IM IN!
The libraries are the only universal academic resource. Every student needs them.
UO's Beta Collide will perform at 7:30 p.m. Friday at the White Stag Block. Plan to be here.
Not in Madison. Still eating fish.
r u single?
Thats fake and im not fake
ugh unfortunately I'm fenced in. Serious problem. Ha. Trapped
Thank you for playing for yesterday!!! So great to see you! Hope to see you soon!
Thanks for visiting the exhibit!
Join us tonight with happy hour from 5:30-6:30pm. How about house made Gnocchi w/ house cured pancetta in a parsley pesto sauce, only $6
“:Piling shit on one sheet pan so you can't use the shelf above it on the speed rack #kitchenpetpeeves” oh this one fires me up! Lol
Come join us Monday the 23rd at 6:00 and enjoy some excellent froyo while listening to live music by Jim Clay!
watching...show...now! have a great weekend!
- i honestly don't want to see the Astros move to American League. Send the Brewers!
ps. If u don't follow , please do. She is one of the coolest people you'll ever meet. (yes, we'll keep pulling pranks on her :)
Hey San Diego! There are amazing things on the rise! Details will be coming soon!
was there suppose to be a link for scrumcast 43?
Nothing like freedom!!!! God definitely had his hand on us today. No matter how it was perceived authentic praise is always accepted by God.
Yo Yo what's up doggy what's good big homie?
Totez kidding. Much love for Josh and his tweets.
“: concert rocked! Gr8 improvising-felt like we got to watch your jam session” (So much fun!!!)
what about the reviews??
Where are you eating dinner? Incredible advice.
I do "like" that article. "Once, there was something called a point of view..." Yikes!
And fuck the police they bring us no peace
If I'm feeling fancy, a nice Syrah from RT Hey What wine do you like to pair with your burger?
The thought of eating a marshmallow makes me feel literally sick
Fact: Girls have a lot of crushes but their heart only belongs to one guy.
RT Book and record stores aren't search engines. They should be visited to discover something you didn't know existed. - fact!
“: Whoever said the chaps at the BL didn't have a sense of humor....” Brilliant BL
Headed to the #wboc12 support as Youngsong presents on Globalization!
Thanks for the RT Joseph!
yay!!! Happy anniversary!!
Little Bill>>>
Just great; my boyfriend has chicken pocks and now i might have them. And to top it off, he cant come to our date on Saturday.
Amazing job on A Football Life featuring Reggie White and Jerome Brown!
it put the steely in Dan
don't buy drugs
Hope everyone is having a wonderful Easter. He is risen!
Don't stop believing....
I need to get my hands on more Jimmy Eat World. I only have that one cd
I done made some fire beats lately. I ain't bn recording but I bn cookin up. Got to get n right. My bad!!
RT : So glad to have you following--we'd love your residents to know that they are welcome to get away at...
I have the most amazing support system. So #blessed. Got great news and ready for and I to go make sure everything is perfect <3
I managed to bankrupt a franchise in only three seasons on MLB 2K11. Makes me wonder how much control I should have over my own finances.
Footprints on the sands of time are not made by sitting down. – Unknown
is having a rough afternoon..... sigh. I need to have some fun this weekend. Any thoughts?
What is the dinner party exactly? :)
to wake up the fans.
Any way we could hook up with you guys in the near future? Love the show!
hop up in my space ship, leave earth MF I'm gone
My sister just got socked in the face, literally my sis smacked me in the face with a sock lol
Just talked with Nuggets Chris Andersen who was leaving the Pepsi Center. He said "no comment" on the allegations.
We were shining like lighters in the dark in the middle of a rock show <3
Pitbull: I want your babies!
I dread being home alone
thanks for the shirts they turned out great. Definitely appreciate it the crew loved them
Happy Friday from GTWT!
why are you speaking when no one asked you?
Clickbank Affiliate Tips - Real Amazonian Profit Plan Review
Troy! That was an awesome tweet!
A very peaceful, rainy day.
RIP Steve Jobs! Hoping that MacBook Pro price will drop.
Future ; Neva End . . On #REPEAT !
It's my Day Off!! Wtf Am I Gonna Do Today!
I'm craving fried tofu in brown sauce, egg drop soup, and veggie spring rolls. Agh, sounds so good right now.
Personally, I loved the cheeky and irreverent stuff. Your point of difference from ADWEEK, etc. FWIW.
RT german diet of beer and bratwurst is getting too much and mtv austria never play music videos just jersey shore on repeat
Great Day to have a beer on the Mpls patio. On Tap Summer Furious & Bender Air
Superhumans Are Real! Shaolin monks can do weird stuff
And Romney's dad raised a chameleon.
About to go walking with my mom
Halfway finished with my internship and loving my time in the library. I can't wait to finish and run a library of my own.
why don't you have school tomorrow
My freaking wrist has a huge knot on it and my whole legs bruised,and my foot hurts.. i think im falling apart! Ahaha :/
Why does everyone assume i'm a Playa I really don't pimp hoes I been faithful for a past few years
Cake cake cake cake cake cake... "if you sexy & u kno it & u aint afraid to show it put a candle on my m'f back baby blow it"
All my memories..real shit ill never forget
thanks for the #followfriday...note to all-if you like chocolate, follow
I can love with with all my heart but the hardest part is, I just can't love you back.
At the "insights Into GE panel"-is business inherently social?
FYI, loved using StageIt -- really easy, really worked! let me know if you want more info. Hope you're well!
if facts point to Joe "covering it up" as you strongly claim then why has AG stated otherwise 3 different times?
Bought my boss an Edible Arrangement for her birthday. So basically I bought me an Edible Arrangement for my boss' birthday. Score.
You have a long way to go in Tweetdom. On a side-note, can't wait until hits 9,000+ for a "certain" quote.
Good Morning!
This weather dot com redesign is AWFUL but I appreciate that a sneaky little ad points out when happy hour is in the hourly forecast.
Rejection the VI: Nothing remarkable except was the same CC to which I applied upon earning my PhD. 10 yrs later, the record skips.
I went on a walk today, cus that's how I get my excersise, and I came home and ate hamburger helped and a snickers.
hey babe nice icon i have the dame button up. xx
We're finding the centre of gravity:L hahah
Would you say that applies equally to library tech confs and traditional library conferences? (or some other field)
it's the western conference finals... Not a regular game
Where do you listen to music the most?
MS Word suggests I replace "helluva" with beluga. I would, but then my story would go in an entirely different direction.
I just finished a 3.47 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
That's what my office looks like! :)
first Myspace, then Facebook, then Twitter, then Tumblr, whats next...
At the post office getting my passport stuff all squared away. Cancun in December with my bro!
hey Frankie what's up? I'm so bored... :(
Just taught 3 (often disruptive) students to use basic Terminal commands in OS X to open memorial image of Steve Jobs.
I'm trying to download your music
just saw you on TMZ :)
one more full week , then exams.. blehh
Out of my mind. Back in five minutes.
thank you for your feedback! :)
As the shotgun blast ripped him into. Who fired that shot? We will never know. But I do remember a convict saying on the day of Mad Jacks
haha thank u! :) I try n keep it different u kno :p
I like that the programs are so big, they look like restaurant menus. "I'll have the lobster bisque with a side of Romans 12."
What up alway a pleasure, sir
#oakland #thunder !!! <3
hey Paula you really think Sandberg would make a good big league manager ???????
thanks for coming to UT today! It was great to meet you, Scott! See you at APSEC!
following back
So. Sleepy. In. Need. Of. Sunshine.
Also, since it is now Sunday, can I say I hope we kill some bears today
club promoters are out going, single mothers are outgoing, the rugrats are outgoing. SHE is just something else though.
i say not funny. but then again, i'm an angry feminist.
Out celebrating the luck of Irish? Stop by , the home of our new location coming soon!
Darn Real loses on penalty kicks! Can you believe this ? Haha
I have recchi for bos; stick side wrister. Torres for van; in the paint. Then yells Goal for 30 sec like in Mexico.
_ writing research papers can be a bummer_try citelighter to get them done quickly so you can spend more time with Frank Miller
i missed u too lol
#WhereInTheWorldIsHarryStyles Time to come on out now, babe.
Which? Melanie or Apple?
41 to 7, end of the 3rd, interception just in front of the goal. So depressed.
O & ofc score 1 for the media creating news as they wish it 2 be seen instead of reporting actual facts. Guess what? Sex sells, dickhead.
What hurts the most is being so close. And having so much to say, and watching you walk away.
U following me yet?
Hee. I think I'm going to spring for it soon :-) Also, happy belated bday!
what are jeggings? Jogging leggings?
sorry! there was a small hiccup in a few of our servers. it was quickly resolved. Hopefully your HW is still on track!
he was awful!
Awww. Thanks guys!
Better go delete your Instagram account too …. they just got bought by FB.
you're an education major too?!
The best ever amazing team play!
I'll check him out, thanks for lookin out!
Is that for this summer?
An elongated preparation does not deny your purpose but gives you a little while longer to reign for a season.
Pandas are the fluffiest!
never say never!!
what the what? WHERE?!
Happy mothers day<U+2764>
I could really go for a #Starbucks right now.
I agree I was on the edge of my seat the whole time.
I Need A Reason To Go To Sleep Not Because I Have Nothing To Do But Because I Got A Family To Feed And We Don't Live Forever.
Streamers and Confetti. Really? LOL
Hats off to for an amazing #CherryBlast party. DC needs more of that!
“: Just completed Week 1 - Day 1 (ran 1.70mi with run pace of 13:59 min/mi) of Ease into 5K with running app”
My dog knows the days of the week and he wakes me up even earlier when he knows I'll be home. Let's get the party started!
A man without a generation RT : Or maybe I'm just befuddled because I was born in 1979 and can't decide whether I'm Gen X or Y. :)
well he sounds like a total asshat. be proud of who you are - there's nothing wrong with you! :D
lmfao i just sawthe pic of us! WHERE ARE THE ONES WHERE WE MADE THE MAC & CHEESE!? with the spoon on my tummy hahaha
That's cool, look forward to hearing it. Yea just get at me when you get a free minute or two.
RT : Very excited to announce I'm going to be managed by ! Lookin forward to some big things in the music video world
If you have to look down at the ground to walk in your heels, you shouldn't wear them. Ruins the effect.
Missing everyone at home more than ever. I'll be home soon, but not soon enough x
RT "Any type of project based learning hits on competencies, relevancy & rigor, supports differentiation" lol props:
Going to watch PSU vs Alabama now let's go State!
Cole Hart is a #book #writer that's grinding harder than you can imagine.
happy oatmeal muffin day
I open treasure chests without making search checks for traps cuz im a
When girls think its cute to take pictures of eachother on the toilet<<< not cute beezys
Yay got a life size cut out of justin bieber whoooooow be jealous!!!!!
Did anyone lose an AT&T LG smartphone last night at the Brew Haus?
your new country cd is "less than" perfection?
Douche bar?
Tree of life....hm...might have worked for me without all the metaphysical stuff...
Gwar.kylesa.fuck yes.I only wish i'd have caught ghoul
Had a great time last night with Larry Nathan Cherniss, Kim Watson Cherniss, Scott Grant, Ralph Rodriguez, Mike LaBarbera, Richard Van He...
love you too boo
someone got their smart phone! Nice avi!
lol nothing like that!!!!i just wanna go to the "crunkest" graduation there is.
The sun is way too bright.
“: The richest 225 people in the world have as much wealth as the world's poorest 4 billion.” Disturbing.
CA marriage bill called 'Trojan horse' for redefinition effort - Catholic News Agency
Shared theme: know your market, know your stuff. Knowledge can make up for lack of experience.
Glad you enjoyed the Louv & Charles interview in the American Journal of Play! Thx for the blog post.
would you support a fans dream of becoming a singer/rapper
U can waste ur energy griming me when u see me cause I guess u don't like me...I prefer to act like u don't exist
It took a while for you to find me but I was hiding in the lime tree
That's awesome. Congrats on the fun of seeing your words come to life.
..going out 2nite!!, gonna shake it right!!, gonna pay the price, cause i work in the morning........
...what has been your favorite #superbowl movie trailer and why? Best, most creative answers win (see previous tweet for prize info)! 2/2
Head over to our salon for some shopping & services!
SOMEONE PUT VAL'S NAME ON THERE!!
Friday fishing! Hoping the weather works out!
Pink Kisses ;-o Muah!
I just walked by you, there! I was the girl coming in - was texting my bf that they had blue marble ice cream - so excited!!!
Left is Right | Right-Wing Media Joins Left in Gitmo Outrage - Huffington Post
Trying to get the real story on what happened to tiger.
just made this up well with the help of the real version:D Hope u guys like itill send this in the next one tweet
Thanks for the follow, Kay. Nice to be connected with you!
RT : So many DiSC puns! When we have a party, it will be a DiSCo! Our project list is our DiSCography! [that's reDiSCulous!]
We see this as just one step in the beginning of a long conversation about promoting rights of sex workers in the US.
don't you mean sense?
ha, i totally do that too
The most important part of making a successful outdoor digital advertising is its content.
those who tweet about sex obviously dont get it. ha
Watching #AnthonyBourdain's #TheLayover in SF makes me feel so proud to live in the best city in the world!
Have you seen the movie Ghost World? Our gallery has. It loved it.
2nd floor, room F16 till 3pm today. RT : Wasn't there supposed to be some sort of petting zoo? Did I miss it?
Have fun guys..
Very happy to be home. Work is exhausting!
Heaven forbid, don't force yourself to watch any more Tar Holes stuff than is necessary!
Too much NFL news to handle all at once...
You owe me 3$ for this used 2012 dvd.
when there's trust, there's betrayal.
And UK had to make a coaching change. You can tell me all the sudden top recruits just run to a down program?
Laptops are needed for our occupier organizers. Please call 202-688-2444 if you have an old laptop to donate. Thank you!
Surprises let me know she cares
I'm taking a time management course. The 1sr thing he says, "Block off 6 hrs of uninterrupted time." Um, I'll try.
Thanks Catherine! :)
In this week’s Holiday Movie Preview special in TIME, I profiled Michael Fassbender, who’s had an incredible year — playing Mr. Roc
oh so true it does such ass here ............hm how about we meet up and go on another cruise !!!!!! ROUND TWO!!!!
Ok dinner in tummy and Hawk gear on. DROP THE PUCK!!!
God knows whats, I have always felt at home" Joe Gould (as reported by Mitchell)
and to a different day. Kiss of death!
Lunch time
Now... that's from the source...
RT : you guys were awesome!! Love youu
bringing back the 90s!
He gets all the girls! ;)
Vincent, did you fall from heaven .. Because.. Uhmm.. Idk, but did you
skyping with is a great way to end the night
Also baking blueberry-lemon mini cakes for said cocktail party.
Gearing up for the Polar Bear Plunge
aight aight well we gon get sum bacci's tmaw but we should both put on 20 for..............YOU KNOW lmao
She knows her writing's not great, which is why it's almost too easy to trash it.
Feeling prettier already.
I highly dislike that film. Seeing Eli Roth get killed on the shitter was cool.
"Your tests are garbage. They don't test the whole system, just your little bits. What good is that?"
hell yeah! also been listening to Snapcase's "Progression Through Unlearning" and Annihlator's "Schizo Deluxe" both r killr
goodnight Ariana! :] sweet dreams love you ari :*
Took a nap slept good and still feeling sleepy
walked up on some #capitalhill #soccer game this morning on a coffee stroll. #Intense #matchup!!
Thank you :)!
What's your drink of choice, ?
OMG IM SO FREAKIN HAPPY FINALLY FOLLOWED ME!!!!!!!!!!!!! i screamd as if my arm got cut off lolz
- good looking trailer. I'll want to see this film for sure! Best of luck!
Happiness is having a TARDIS phone charm that spins & lights up when you have incoming mail & messages. A gift from a great colleague.
Having a blast at #Sundance! The hubby produced a film in competition. Fingers crossed.
Thanks Teresa:-) The blog is pretty new but I'm having fun with it. Glad you stopped by to visit.
By ignorance is pride increased; those must assume who know the least.
I could never:)
Hahaa I'm waiting on him boo!
C-LAB meeting back in Austin.
Laptop not Labtop
like MacArthur! “: Not silly at all. We're hoping to be back too... ;-)”
: NO NOT YET?? Is one of the baby the biscuits bringing home the big bacon??
as do I - be true to yourself - if others are offended, it's their problem, not yours! ;)
busy with the kids. Really busy with new clients.Planning to travel for work. Amazed how my destiny is playing out.
GO FOLLLLLOWWW FOR A HUGE SOLO SHOUTOUT:)))))))))))
Eat, Drink, Dance, and have a great Experience always making everyone feel so special !
Doingg my hw tonight so that I can go out & sleep thiss whole weekend :)
Hold on for a rough Monday...RT : Japanese stocks fall sharply; Nikkei Average down 2.8% -
READii TO GO TOO CHURCH 4 SUM REASON
Go Brewers !!! Happy Opening Day !!! Mi.Keys tonight !!! Downtown Milwaukee, 10pm
still coming to the Boro this weekend though right?
Felt like it to me, too, for a while there. Looking forward to seeing you in a couple of weeks!
ms dawn gave such a cute speech at dance. i couldve cried
lol, but would you rather do that or sit bored in the library & see #AustinR awkwardly smiling & making noises @ his laptop?
Totally agree, it's tough but it's almost over!
okay well thanks.
Ah, thought there was some significance e.g. bookworms. Night owls read books through the night maybe :)
the Bills deserve B-lo At this point no Soon they'll be gone to Toronto Along with TO Jim Kelly's days Now are just a haze
Why would I have a dull aching since I work up this morning in my leg?
James Nikon>James Canon
well said...
Sounds like such a perfect night.
"If there is to be an ecologically sound society, it will have to come the grass roots up, not from the top down."
Favorite flavor of ice cream?
A MOTHERS LOVE IS A DIFFERENT, SPECIAL KINDA LOVE!
What size t-shirt do you wear? M 38-40 or L 42-44?
Happy FF! Check out these great tweeters!
Sunday April 10: , pygmy lush, low hanging wires, and veterans at Goetz Alley in Cincinnati! for more info.
they all count the same.. Still early though
awe! Dang I wish I was a part of it!:)
Auditions for Allegro Dance Co today in Washington PA 1pm visit www.allegrodancecompany.net for more info !
i really hope my neighbors enjoy pierce the veil .
yup leaving from KY the 12th
: yay, and hooray for fancy hair! see you then :)
Thanks dood. Especially for taking a pic of my fatty cheeks! ;)
spichael, if you see this, hi c;
check us out..I can see u getting it in to one of our songs..;)..we follow back
So hungry. >_< I only have 7$ and it's for my drive back home tonight.
Today is an amazing day to sit back and compose some tunes. That's what we are doing.
hey txt me if u got ur fone
"blunch: it's when you miss breakfast and eat close to lunch."-says 5 yr old Jade this morning ;)
I think I got first on Saturday. It's all downhill from here.
we all bunch of cacklin hens...lol we can agree 2 disagree!
I thought it was going to start pouring... and it did for a second... and then it stopped. Fakeout! Exciting weather never happens here.
which teams do you think will flaunt potent offense coupled with weak defense? We're just looking for points...
Yep RT : Enjoy watching fans over-analyse close losses... It's baseball... things happen!
NW: Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban for <U+E056>
haha drankin enjoying the summer yay what about you ???
Why is McDonald's Coke superior to all over Cokes? Discuss.
what would infuriate you?
My drs appt. Was an hour ago.. Still haven't been seen. D:
My lil west oakland nigga Will Cherry balling #5 he play for Montana...
How is your training is going! How do you beat the heat? Give that training a finale with the Indianapolis Monumental Marathon!
Long, rockin weekend. Back to the grind at midnight.
why am I not surprised.
Catch the #Badger game on the big screen in front of
I mean, if you want to have a broken neck, then by all means sit up front. If you want to see a movie in all its glory, then back
I just want to put up a sign that says "gone fishin" and get the heck outta here
I'm so glad I ended up watching the Jersey Shore episode that included 'Ashamed'. I discovered a great band! Great music :)
The mind is full of pointless repetition. It has been estimated that 90 percent of the thoughts anyone thinks on a given day are the same
And you are totally entitled to ur opinion. You ever go into a film wanting it to be great? I did--so for me, it was.
hey mickie james good luck tonight
no way dallas wins
"My wife can sleep wherever but I want my two dogs by me"- guy at dealership
"it's at big deal"
Attended a screening of 's documentary last evening in Georgetown. Lots of supporters attended to learn more about it.
Aching at missing my first May Day since I moved to Mpls (I'm at work). #MayDay2012 tweets are cheering, though. Thanks, attendees!
Don't get lost in thought; you'll be a total stranger there.
I'm in it for the entertainment value...and for that reason alone, I LOVE her!
Andrea, thank you for the RT!
It was during one of the games, think OKC, when you were on the court doing your thing haha don't think I was the only one
thx for the follow....
excellent! thx for thinking of both of us MM!
yeah cant wait til training camp and family night ill be out there
#jobseekers in #ROC should save the date of 5/16 for our next career fair! Local companies w/ #jobs will be #hiring - great #networking too
Can't believe I stessed so much on who to play between Spiller/D. Brown & Mo Morris/M. Williams TB. It always come down to this.
take the Knicks ml, parlay with overs. and absolutely unload your bank account.
One for the money , two for the es .
just finished watching a favorite of mines 40 year old virgin... your funny as shit!! Using my peripherals lmao
watching it all happen wit
Monday has been good to me, with a new Mac Book Pro. I am getting it all dialed in.
Don't ask me why I'm watching the #TSN broadcast still, but the jealousy of those guys towards #Phoenix is SO FREAKING GREAT.
that's torturous! I imagine it's awfully difficult to fully extinguish the scent of halal from your person.
TY for the mention FREE CASH BACK on purchases @ over 3500 stores FREE $$$ not strings attached!!!
Hot towel on my face>
yes hes awesome . Also Rob Stark us turning into quite a badass this season
the vid I just posted on fb has so much fan footage! I'm in it multiple times....check if you see yourself!
Leading issue from the AFP Fiscal Reform conference is "How to best restrain the growth of runaway government in Oregon"
But I'm not gonna be a bitch, cuz that'd be a bitch move
So I meant why* not where.
On what its like that tho
hey u officially moving to NYC ???
you guys get to see me to :))) wow lets party :)
Laying down with my Kitty<3
#oomf seems very excited about his first child. That's really sweet and rare.
you right im going to come by and visit you at work lol
Lost kitty found. Crisis averted. He's feeling very smug for having evaded me AND gotten extra fish out of the deal. I'm feeling traumatized
in other words it means #proudhabesha lol :)
Sneaky bitches see my sneaker stitches
I love you.
Revising Website for National Launch. #ContraAlliance is going DIGITAL.
yeah literally read ur blog(s) everyday - love that u guys are able to post interesting content daily during the lockout
You have to post "#TheICONicThings" tweets. Look into my past tweets and you'll understand.
Rockin' Magic Show tonight at Gilbert's Resort in Key Largo FL. 7:00pm.
Soony's not there
interesting or not he waited for Jeb to endorse first. Follow the leader?
Surprisingly I'm not that tired. Time to get ready for school!
!.~+~! G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
2 Songs! New Layout! Preorders! All of this comes out Friday! Tell everyone!
Nashville, are you ready for Soundland? we're playing on Friday at 12th & Porter at Midnight!
The lady at the 99 cent store just said she wan sucky sucky from Lucky Fucky. Lucky Fucky is my Las Vegas name for these bitches
Q: Other reports draw different economic conclusions than Fuller's Should they be considered?
We are all sold out for tonight's Destination Thursday event!! Don't delay for next week's (May 3rd) Palermo, Sicily!!!
Q: In militaryspeak (which apparently is one word?!), what is an aerodynamic personnel decelerator? A: a parachute.
Just shoot me an email when you get it laid out. Looking forward to hearing it soon.
The twin task of personal #authenticity & finding a mature spirituality are mysteriously linked. #findingmeagain:a journey to an auth life.
Man, Harden's beard>>>>>Brian Wilson of the San Francisco Giants
I really need to finish reading my book cz I gt another long day ahead of me 2mrw....
Thanks for the follow, Moonshot!
my cousin stupid ass always telling me call her but never answer .
Palatin Remodeling/Agoura Hills is offering $750 off a full kitchen and $650 off a full bathroom remodel to all Diversity Platinum members.
All Hip Hop Fans .... Go N Follow .... They Are Droppin There Mixtape 2-2-2012 Can't Wait
-New as in what dear? #TrendsTues is coming up for today,stay tuned! xox
Boy: Send me a picture. Girl: Of what? Well bitch since you gone give me a option you should already know what's coming next right?
No! It's disappointing.
let me guess... its bob matthews?
so did you listen to "Crunch Time" ?
I got a lump of coal this year... Yes!!
let's set a date!
Last day in Philly. Can't wait to visit again! Now crossing my fingers for 2 good presentations and an on time flight to PDX
I got the magic in me
Can't wait to see some posts!!
So. Many. Split. Ends.
Oh! I WANNA DANCE WITH SOMEBODY! I WANNA FEEL THE HEAT WITH SOMEBODY! YEAH I WANNA DANCE WITH SOMEBODY! WITH SOMEBODY WHO LOVES ME!
Sounds fantastic! Happy Mother's Day!
Patriots Super Bowl bound!!!! Yay Yay!!!
I miss Bennigan's in #ABQ. Used to get an awesome Monte Cristo Sandwich there and really good Beer-Battered Fish and Chips.
Indeed. I'll admit to looking forward to the #printForum happy hour(s) in addition to the actual conference itself!
I also thought Zayn's girl would be called 'Mirrorossa'. RT if you get it.
The woman in front of me at Petco just asked if her son's pet lizard could drink bottled water. smh.
I wonder what the Internet would look like if the KONY video had been released after the Trayvon Martin outcry.
Meet Carl Landry of the and sign up for his basketball camp! Carl will be at Pinkberry Mandeville Saturday, June 2nd from 2pm-4pm
Back to the future - the newest comprehensive nonsensical solution that doesn't scratch the surface of a multi trillion $ European problem
High recommendations for: THE SOURCE (70s CA cult life with lots of archival footage) & COMPLIANCE (uncomfortable x100 but amazing)
Hoping everyone has a "SUPER SWEET" Weekend!
Getting ready for a busy week of photo shoots and laughs!
Why now?! You care now?! Where was this before?! I've learned that you should care the whole time because you never know when time is up.
Private classes are available now
Finally found 's officially real twitter handle! Must.....follow!!
absolutely amazin show tonight you fuckin rocked it and did u see me making a Z with my hands LOVE U ur the best hands down
Working with some of the guys from again this weekend! Should be amazing!
Positive thinking creates positive results
i just feel like all that crap he said to Gia was so fake! ugghhh.
thank you for coming!
I'm a man of the people!
Totally. They blow. And blow hard. I can't wait till the Pirates can renegotiate their tv deal.
: AWE! Thanks for listening!!
Heey Everybody, guess what? It's Alona's b-day! Go over and wish her a Big Happy Awesome Birthday and give her some love. :)
People really don't understand how hard it is to be a diva.
you know it!
RT Giancarlo Stanton extends his hit streak to 10 games with a 2-run HR in the 4th. May have been a broken bat HR.
I'm kind of a productivity unicorn today
We have two original Saul Williams pieces next week. An interview & editorial on his unique models of distribution. Must reads
they hate you.
Yay, welcome to Twitter!
That woman that came on the mic to tell us to wait longer is such a tease!
Any team you think will pick T-Will up?
You think? Sounds to me like much emotional damage was inflicted, and they'll spend months, if not longer, repairing it.
Yea She Thirsty... Lbvs
What’s your favorite scenic overlook in RVA? The Belle Isle pedestrian bridge and Oregon Hill overlook both provide fantastic skyline views.
But you don't wanna get burned! You wanna get tan.
Great #VERGECON conference, ! Thanks for mentions
Read the latest interviews an decided if I ever meet Ben, Going to call him a fucking idiot! Stupid twat thinking hes ugly! Gorgeous Idiot!!
Today is the day for people to piss me the fuck off.
Cool. We ended up at a playground this morning. Now I'm back at it. In a few, we're headed out for smoothies.
If it goes to education, I'm a virgin
Big Krit- Insomnia
Justin's favorite quote account - go follow her :))
Always feel so more productive when Im free.
Didn't think this would be the ending tonight.
Don't RT any of the others, I'll go and find them in your TL! Xoxo
im team minaj all the way i luv her..!
hopefully! Although i've been going through hubspot lately
And 13 runs later, the Phillies have officially depleted their allotment of runs for the month of May.
Or are your tweets by SethMacFarlane? LOL!
Joe Just Said I Should Be His Girl. Lol, *Jamila Gets Weak Inside*. Too Bad Huh?
Shuffle is quite good! He was just in town for !
We've been screening Bully for a couple of months now. The Director was here this past weekend to talk to the audiences too!
Borrowing my future in laws truck that has a crazy subwoofer sound system. Podcasts with massive bass don't sound as cool as I had thought
This car tracks how many hours we drove... Since we left home 2 weeks ago, it says 91.4 hours of driving has happened.
Embers is based on the life of Terry's grandmother. Tonite is the first presentation of the complete work.
Can't sleep !
So I'm pretty sure the Zombie Apocalypse is upon us, because all night for the past few hours sirens have been blaring all around town.
Sure! We're happy to follow you!
hi james
RT : Free, Tip-based, Walking Tours with this Wknd! Explore Capitol Hill, Pennsylvania Ave and Big 5 Memorials!...
Feels good to have something I've always wanted.
I don't want to struggle no more I know that I deserve so much more I shouldn't have to settle for less I don't want to live 2 check 2 check
Arod is the biggest tool ever
Hooray for bad calls.
John Legend-Tonight
New logo is coming out nicely. Can't wait to unveil it
Closed SHORT $USDCAD for +3 pips profit; 2% of the community volume is trading the USDCAD with sentiment 18% SHORT
#goodbye to you, you aren't worth it as much as my brothers are to me
yeah man i did :)
And I saw a man with his forearm tattooed in LV logo...while holding an LV briefcase.
Have to Focus on MYSELF,my GOALS,and my FUTURE
Unfortunately, one of my participants only gave me permission to present that content at conferences, not online.
We can heal bodies, but can we feed them?: According to the Center for Rural Affairs, the expanding shortage of food outlets is affli...
sure did, couldn't sleep last night so I figured. What the hell I miss you boo!
They don't let just anybody get a PH.D. You have to be able to use big words nobody else understands. :-)
Updating my database today. I get marketing property to other brokers but I don't get marketing your services to other brokers.
Its a beautiful morning!!
People who moved to Oregon in 1860 were pioneers even though Lewis and Clark got there a half-century earlier.
I'll have my picks for the #KentuckyDerby on #TheBigCheeShow Friday at 5PM.
You have a good family right there, god bless you all. Xoxoxo ..Goodnight ..!
I have been informed that the nearest hammer is up at Circ. Trying hard to ignore the noise.
That means more dollar bills in
Keeping my eye on today is about all I'm capable of. And today, I think I'll go for a run. -- John Bingham
JaNasia is watching a old movie from 1961 Raisin n the Sun!!!
Rainy overcast day here... Reading and enjoying be horizontal on a sleepy Saturday!!
it really isnt now i understand all the juniors and their ways
I been going to sleep hella early lately
We are playing the odu Wesleyan house on 49th street this Friday come out and have a blast with us !!!
Very much want to read but link is to Quora that requires I create an account? is that right? Thanks for your leads and ideas.
OMG I just found out something that will BLOW YOUR MIND!! I was born ON MY BIRTHDAY!!
Have a happy joy joy day!
Q5. Religion can serve as a means to spirituality, and the sense of place, peace, purpose, hope from spirituality is significant
congrats!!! Very proud of you :)
The most beautiful day in weeks. And weeks. Makes one believe in a higher power in the universe ... the void is smiling at us I think.
Thanks for following, Richard.
You mean from the media? Because I believe her fans have always hoped that she bounced back and were supporting her recovery.
Yep! Fun, thanks!!
Need a 3 night, all inclusive vacay at Club Med Sandpiper bay? What about a new Manduka mat? You can win both!
« It be like that sometimes RT : me ._. but whatever»
Do you run any type of daily or happy hour specials?
My first week at my new job... I am happy and calm.
...& "dignity of work" flap does illustrate differences of pol. agendas, but attributing any 1 consultant's view to a party = specious (3/3)
who said we hate men??
RT : Greetings from
Why are the trends so shit right now?
and ready to mingle? ;)
Your big opportunity may be right where you are now. Napoleon Hill
A&E's Fugitive Chronicles is a wrap. Chase scenes, explosions, local crew hired - and it all went swimmingly!
Drove up Abilene Rd in Aurora two days ago between Iliff and Mississippi and smelled some amazing BBQ all down the street...
Yu should be ashamed don't bring that nasty shit here we get called enough names as is
Glad you like it...see you there?
omg yes "dan" has a twitter!!
NY tonight m8 to help my rents with some stuff, but ONTARIO TOMORROW!
This performance of Raise Your Glass is a hot damn mess
Ever have a 'fuck was I thinking moment? '
So for all who called and texted sorry but it was neccesary to take a break...
Tomorrow at grapevines stadium at 7 vs Mansfield.. Be there! If we win we travel to midland and everyone can miss school Friday so be there
Facilitated discussion on the future of eLearning
Got to have faith in our Knicks
100% store bought
I hope Austin does a Ustream tomorrow, since he's starting his 'brand new life' off in Miami.
God put me on this earth to accomplish a certain number of things. Right now I am so far behind that I will never die. - Bill Watterson
Happy birthday :) have a great day
Be sure to watch #TheVoice after the #SuperBowl this Sunday! I was there for the taping, so I may be on TV!!
Hey sorry I passed out lol. We're at a mall hanging out before we head to the venue for the show tonight :)
Indeed. You'd think the Preds were the Blue Jackets or something.
lets go bills!
Chicken and Broccoli Casserole Soup with Cheddar Cheese? Yes, please! 1.855.HUNGRY2 or WeHaveYourFood.com
no tell me all about it
In the spirit of the season, we wish you truly blissful holiday season. Breathe well!
Thank you, Emilio Estevez. #TheWay was a beautiful movie.
Dodgeville-bound, with awesome presentation and lucky sweater in the bag! Should be great day for
take that douche bag!
True! Very small percentage of my friends or circle are even concerned with legalization of marijuana
that's awesome
Fingers crossed they don't fuck up and change the TNA title at this week's tapings. I want Bobby Roode to break the record.
thanks darlin' :) happy day to you!!
Good Morning. -_- Today you should have a Cherimoya.
Does ever NOT wear a suit anymore?
Then I put my dick in her ear...
thanks for the icon. LLN yes i stole it.
ha I guess I do now :)
Save the Date: Sept. 23 GB Magazine's 4th Annual Perfect Pitch Polo to benefit SD Opera & SD Symphony at Polo Fields in Rancho Santa Fe!!
tie between Swiss and chèvre :D
The Westboro Baptist Church is coming to campus this afternoon, to protest outside the Hillel center! Can't believe it. Too bad I must miss.
Our CUCINA PREFERITI offers #restwk prices w/o sacrificing quality or service. 4 course tasting menu for $30pp.
Don't give him the ball, at all.
ReTweet is now OFFICIALLY working for CUASLIS. FYI: For anyone CUASLIS is following, simply add #cuaslis for an easy retweet.
bout to go walk my bitches.
Just go. Bring S. Make S wear a fake mustache from the 1970's porn era. Then people watch.
“: Should be milking some clock here. Mix a run in.” amen
E Young Jr slaps RBI single. No spot on roster secured, but is out of options.
alright will hook it up
haha no it's not drew lol or any of them:)
without drama life would be pretty boring. It'd be like communism
shout out to my best friend for treating me well on my birthday with drinks and a good time in green bay!!
At #statefair we are about to test out the ferris wheel!
recommends reading 'The Myths of Innovation' by Scott Berkun for stories about organizations facing change
Are you following 2 of our awesome shows? and You should so you can be awesome too!
Gerrard's hat trick was nice!
I swear if a bunt shows up this inning, I'm lighting something on fire!
Got drunk before noon and started writing pop punk songs. Come arrest me, cliche police.
Respect my house fool!!!
You bet we will
#MyThoughtsDuringShowers What if the bar of soap has a Jeanie in it and while you were gettin' your lather on, some Aladdin shit happened...
If only they'd gotten the out at first.
Someone please call the Ten Sports SL commentator and tell him he does not need to say "Sir Ian" all the time. Dumbass!
Hey how are you, if there is a show coming that you think my artist Gloomy Lah can perform please hit me up, thank you. Orphanz
k thanks
...never pre-ordering again?
Family Art Workshops today, Sat, Dec 11, 1pm-2:30pm. Fun for all ages. FREE with general admission. FREE to members.
Like I said, this is going to be a game of bad ref calls.
which one???
So pissed off on how this night is going... not enough girls...
the cure for cancer is medical marijuana. Uneducated mayor Sanders
To give proper advice we need more info re your hair. Can you send us an email at ?
Interim candidate - John Elway
ha! i left at the principal giving his daughter the pink beret. MUCH farther than when I left Max at the tattoo artist.
Can't wait to cover it for y'all! :) see everyone there.
Great dinner at Scotty's tonight! Great way to end the week.
The seller has like 40+ sets of them or something. They're still available.
We don't talk sh-t, just state facts.
So who's excited for the weekend? I know I am!
I've sold more shirts on free advertising with twitter than I ever did on paid ads on google facebook reddit etc etc down the line
Haha its so much fun!!! LOL! Whats your username?? Im looking for ppl to follow haha
go chris BROWN!!!
Gimmie some sugar!
Why on earth people believe this guy is beyond me.
I know, I'm fucking loosing it !
Omfg why is Angelica so fing beautiful. I wanna be her
hello tweet me if u wanna tlk :D
#Annie what do you think of Melissa?
RT Configuring the View Security server with PCoIP tunneling to eliminate VPN at a local hospital this week.
The team is looking forward to a morning of service this Thursday at one of our partner schools for !
Wizards star John Wall @ The Safeway BBQ battle in DC today @ 3pm
Had a good workout in the gym tonight! Now it time to eat some grub!
Thanks. :-) I am too. I need to review two movies for my librarianship class that are geared towards teens (ages 12+).
I enjoyed the int. this AM. missed a great convo, but it's cool to know U and I are almost "related." :-)
back to light brown
P E A CE! What's good? Hope All is well w/ your Wednesday
Psalm 86:11-13 is giving me life right now! God's love towards me is great& He has delivered me from the depths of the grave.
zombie tip #639 - never ever use a full auto on a group of undead, chance of getting kill shots are extremly unlikely
Can I just call in sick for work tomorrow?
live here still... but spend ~50% of my time in DC...
you are the nicest person I know so you deserve it (:
Dear lord, thank you for allowing the Royals to win. Amen.
twitter partayyyy? Yes. :)
Kept having dreams last night that my phone already had a crack in it. Yes, Virginia, I am that pathetic.
RT : Smh at people who are hating on the people who are just simply expressing their feelings and love for loved ones.
the viper room >
OK I'm gonna,make a scene. time to come clean!
Thanks! Got any more questions for us?
Pissed at sumone so many words i could use so lil time
“: Good luck on your move today, !” yay! Good luck meg!
On the train to nyc for ny chapter of grammys!! Acoustic set ahoy!
RT : Gr8 companies support communities RT : Raymond James is title sponsor of April 27-28 open house!
Get down to from 7-10 for Jazz Fest...Cincy Brass bringin the funk as always.
have to aim high!
Red Mist / Cemetery Girl / 11/22/63 / Silver Girl / I'd know you anywhere / 77 Shadow Street
You really want me to DJ your wedding? Ok then, where do you want me to set up the pole?
A fine is a tax for doing wrong. A tax is a fine for doing well.
Somebody has to, Dave, somebody has to.
TONIGHT! Pyro Productions: My Last Judgment, Ashes of Angels, The Seventh Cavalry & more!@ THE SPOT 9068 SOCORRO RD. 6:30, $6. SEE YOU THERE
whew ok not as intense as I thought it would be lol
Conceptualizing a study that looks at markets for African American hair.
scraps wishes the best for all the penguins struggling 2 survive b/c of global warming...unless they taste delicious.
#trivia is still on for tonight. Questions will be asked during Intermission
I hate directed study.
Woke up this morning and Chantha and I had an argument. He went for a walk and came back with a sticky bun. He's evil!
Join our Irvington Green Initiative for All About Upcycling and find out how some local businesses are converting 'trash' to 'treasures'.
Still opportunities to be a host family for an African student bit.ly/abfN4F
I'm an overcomer.
nm.. been super busy with school. u?
why is this happening? reality tv "expo" wtf? www.realityrocks.net
Hey curiosity seekers, what are your shopping plans for black Friday? Where would you like to see us? Let us know your thoughts.
it's going to be pretty embarassing to tell kids what life was like pre-internet. "well there was this thing called an encyclopedia..."
RE: All Republican Delegates Are “Free Agents” & Unbound? Does that make then Free Radicals?
still too much to do. sometimes i really want to just stay planted
Be not afraid of going slowly. Be only afraid of standing still. Chinese Proverb
#TellTheWhiteHouse Congress needs 2 put aside their political beefs & do what the people put them n office 2 do! Come up w/bipart solutions!
This voice in my head that I've had 4 yrs, says they love me.What is love if u can't c the person.It's like I hav an annoying bf in my head
RT : ...time to rest up! tomorrow night...maybe a little and Stout Graduation on Saturday
Shellac Hybrid & Gelish Nail Color: say goodbye to chips, smudges, and dry time and say hello to Shellac Hybrid Nail Color...
yeah awesome stuff Paul- & simon cant wait to hear your tracks when they're done too !
How is everyone doing so far ?
season starts march 3th come see mr lockdown him self #40 C
New novel? Do you plan on sharing or just tantalizing us with word on your progress? :-)
Salmon lowers the level of inflammation in your body. Eat #wild Alaskan salmon 3 x wk.
2. to be heard the first time, not having to repeat themselves
Here at the zinc bar w jack Jeffers big band. Great players. One More set tonight better come out on w 3 Nyc. Zinc Bat
you should have come! This crap. Why are you with us?
Happy Birthday Javier!! I'm listening to Time After Time at work right now and people asking me"wow who's that?" lol u tore it up!
When words leave off, music begins.
I have a hard time saying the word "jewelry" out loud.
'The World will be Watching' at midnight tonight... but I will not until 10pm tomorrow! :(
Get it to Novak!
he's furious. Seriously.
Our hallway smells like cake. CAKE.
Um Her Senses Left Her... And She Thinks Shes Grown Now... Dnt Tell Her I Said That
RT : take time over applications. Its not about speed
Finished up a great workout in #KC. On the road to #Omaha. Working out my guys from Central. Back to Lincoln this evening
Also, I suspect many here r allowing AHB as 'they r the ones that survive'. I've seen some ferocious bees in some yards
Do I think oil removing clean and clear wipes and a couple sprays of listerine are as good as a shower? Yes I do.
:) RT : #winning! re: But, like veggies, it's good for you! RT : Hill running is not fun
Life is good when you see the good in life
Watching in 13 Ghosts! Loves that movie!!!
On-line video is not just dancing cats anymore, Video ads reached 45% of the total US population an average of 32 times during January 2011
I love
Peter Onuf does not endorse the death of colonial Virginians.
#Np T-Pain - Blow Your Mind
TONIGHT Mad Season, Temple of the Dog, Bad Radio + DJ Mookie Blaylock $10
I was in the dungeon today for about a good 4 hours..
I know. I more meant like, money and time dedicated towards AnimeNEXT.
I would say "advocate" instead. or transformist??? Activist does have a different emotion tied to it.
Interesting? Maybe. I was able to figure out what production was filming on my block searching Twitter over Google.
my boyfriend is a dweeb
Growlers and today at the brewery. We open at 2, so see you then.
Just watched Casablanca again. Why is that film so much better than almost any other old film? Great script, cast, directing and music...
yes I am.
Yeah. You are, most times :p
If your luking at dis go ta bed
Penn State the school or Pennsylvania the state? Haha
lmao I'm telling you, attracts the sexiest of them all lmaooo
My pizza was pose to be here at 7:13?&. It's 7:18 tf bitch come on
#Blackmomscatchphrase You aint sorry yet. Wait til we get home......
Oh shit. My brother's coming home from college tomorrow already. That was so fast. I'm not gonna be an only child anymore.
#seniorconfessionhour All the lunch ladies used to be OG cholas, I just know it...
But really, when are you getting in to SD? We fly in Weds afternoon if I'm remembering correctly. Maybe mid-morning?
BOOM! Elite Eight, bitches!
Think really hard about visiting us tonight...then actually DO IT! :)
Any ideas for a birthday celebration??? I dont know what to do!
30 Minutes and bromigo hits tap
those summer memories are just around the corner!
Hmm thoughts on if Metta will change things tomorrow...
Great day at the WTR offices - our team is putting on another Rock 'n Roll tasting tonight in Florida, we're helping out charities, our new
"I'm not like most girls." - Most Girls
Agreed! This is very irritating.
still meeting today?
My next song go get yo girl pussy wet....guranteed
ok rule accepted...how about I'm feeling a series win? Lol
RT : Two more days to submit recipes for our ebook, so tell your foodie friends! Details here:...
Trying 2 get my Mind Rite!!!
Bought my first piece of photography at an art show downtown KC. I'm officially excited I live here!
'Teen Mom' Star Amber Portwood -- Back in Jail
Had a chance to go to NY to see The Maine but because of the testing in school and work, I can't go.
I really should. No joke.
”Pay attention to the whispers so we won’t have to listen to the screams.”~Cherokee Proverb
Tweeting why there is racism doesn't make it ok. I doubt if you are Jewish, hating Israel's government is not very Jewish.
hahah yes to that
are you going to be at #2012c19? i will miss you! when will i see you again?
Welcome to the twitter world and brothers knight!
I'm so proud of you. <3
so u said forget today huh? U sho rite cordae lol
I LOVE these LONG campaign trips!!! What?? No, don't worry about running the country ... Joe has everything under control!!!
If all else fails I suppose I'll just live off the money from my ebay Beanie Baby sales.
Pacers got a win wow..I think Miami was a little emotional that they didnt have Chris Bosh in battle with em tonight
:Thanks for following!
great meeting you at tonight! great party!
Dear MTV, I was wondering if I could get my "M" back..... you know, since you're not using it. Sincerely, _usic
Hey Love...How Are You?
pandora kinda night!
#RomCon FFP Dine-in - The Rules: Thou shalt express approval by tapping a spoon on the table. Clapping of hands will not be tolerated.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams
I feel like a nerd carrying around a kindle .. #itsagoodbook ! <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+0096>
Happy Christmas dear Friends!! :-)
Why is Team Obama in 'Panic Mode' as Hearing Nears on Failed Anti-Gun Trafficking Program?
Actually I was thinking more like Guinness and soda bread. Funny this came up - forgot this Saturday is St. Pat's Day!
Dream Project #21: Creating a graphic recording that vitalizes brain storming and elevates the energy in the room.
hopes calmoots embraces the guitar game.
